## Tuesday, July 28, 2020, 4:53:42PM EDT [1595969622]

Added detection of `/tmp/commitmsg` to [my `save` command](https://gitlab.com/rwxrob/save) Sure makes for more useful messages. I have come a long way from doing `WIP` messages
even for notes log entries. Still most of my notes will just be generic
commit messages, but not the others.

## Tuesday, July 28, 2020, 8:42:33AM EDT [1595940153]

There's a pattern with me. Once I get outside *a lot* and establish the
habit of being outside for more than two hours a day I just don't want
to go back to doing *anything* inside. I have to force myself to code at
all. It becomes a chore. That's how I know that deep down I'm actually
*not* a techie at my core. I'm more of a writer, explorer, and traveller
than anything. 

That also explains my obsession with technologies that enable the
exchange of knowledge and storied, that help others become their own
gurus so they can learn on their own terms. The idea of creating (or at
this point even playing) a video game absolutely sickens me. Given the
obsession I had with Witcher 3 and, for a while, with Overwatch, that is
really telling. It shows me that our brain chemistries are more in
control of us than most of us would care to admit. Right now my brain is
literally addicted to the endorphin and dopamine high from trekking 10
miles a day as fast as I can, of taking a road less travelled on
occasion just to see where it leads. Of getting lost and being okay with
it as I find my way back home.

It's no surprise that my body has transformed, almost completely. I'm
not a tan/sunburned, long bearded, Patagonia-wearing dude who quietly
nods and smiles to passing travelers on the path, all facing their own
individual struggles, all oblivious to the pointless traffic and
pollution around them. I've been reminded I've always been a member of a
different tribe, one with members who wonder silly things like, "can I
fit my hammock in my pack and take a nap between two-hour hikes?"

