## Monday, February 1, 2021, 5:35:22PM EST <1612218922>

I've been adding about 12 YouTube subs every six hours (it's impossible
to ignore on the dashboard). Quite randomly, however, I ticked down one
sub and noticed it almost exactly after I published the Perl video and
it went public. I can only imagine the look on that one Perl-hater's
face.

## Monday, February 1, 2021, 5:27:48PM EST <1612218468>

As I start the job browsing process I find myself absolutely giddy
reading about the SRE automation work out there that involves shell,
Python, Go, and even some Perl. There is definitely work in it. The
average salary is \$115k for an SRE, which is more than enough for me to
maintain my minimums to live and maintain my mentoring and streaming.
The real question is how many of those roles require being on site. Most
of the good ones do because you need to be able to manipulate hardware.

With all the development experience I have doing the SRE thing would
only stick with me if I was writing a lot of automations and
microservices to integrate with all the other stuff. I'm actually more
of a DevOps guy at heart since that lands smack dab in between SRE and
Cloud Native developer.

I've decided as dumb as certifications are that I will be doing all the
work for the Cloud Native Foundation certifications and then deciding if
I want to actually go through with getting and maintaining the
certificate. In order to do that, I'll have to get my on-prem cloud up
and running here in the apartment again.

Perhaps the best career strategy is to accept a good SRE or dev job and
work into the DevOps stuff over the course of the year. That way all my
shell and Go and Linux skills stay as sharp as always but get gradually
improved with Cloud Native development.

## Monday, February 1, 2021, 3:27:31PM EST <1612211251>

Running into YouTube channels that are entirely dedicated to a specific
programming language. It's not about a specific language, it's about
getting shit done. I can only hope they have several channels about
different languages, but I doubt it.

## Monday, February 1, 2021, 3:15:11PM EST <1612210511>

Laughing my ass off at this Rust commenter saying

> i hate magic coding. dont do magic shit.

Then you better now use *any* coding language. Rust is one of the *most*
magical. What the fuck do you think all that borrow checking is?

I understand this person's point (who's avatar is a grumpy cat barfing
rainbows, by the way, typical of most vocal Rust people). Perl
*embraces* the magic and allows people to use that magic in whatever
combination they want. 

Besides, Go is anything but magical.

I just couldn't resist logging a sample of the complete lunacy in my
comments on that Rust video. Thank God people who matter also chimed in,
here's my favorite:

> im mid 40s.  I have at least 12 languages known, and 5 of them, I have
very complex systems in production today.   Originally I watched this
video thinking rob is full of it.  However I realized I am full of it.
Why spend weeks figuring out how to write good rust.... WWEEKS for
someone that has more crap in production... im done... back to Golang.

That is typical of people with Rust. They love the language so much ---
and are so dogmatically linked to it --- that they cannot stop to look
at what is *objectively* the right tool for most jobs for which they are
being paid by people with different priorities than them. This is why
Java and Go dominate the enterprise right now (and Rust *never* will).

Astute CTOs see the hype --- and more importantly --- the self-ish,
immaturity of those refusing to accept the reality that they are being
paid to produce software that is faster to produce and easier and
cheaper to maintain in *anything* but Rust. These clueless assholes are
the kind hiring managers need to weed out immediately. They don't give a
shit about you or your company. They want an excuse to do what they want
to do, which is fine, but not when *you* are paying them.

Obviously, some companies will benefit from Rust. Edge hardware software
development is one of those areas potentially. Turns out game
development wasn't.

## Monday, February 1, 2021, 7:30:48AM EST <1612182648>

One of the things I was very wrong about was <https://dev.to>. Even
though I find the mountain of incorrect information super annoying that
is no different than Stack Overflow, Quora, Reddit, Twitter, Facebook,
or Hacker News. They all *really* suck most of the time, which is why I
need to spend more time encouraging critical thinking and personal
decision making and less time ripping on how bad things are. I will
still state my case and then let people make their own decisions. It's
what I value even if I don't always follow through on it.

One *stupendously* stupid conclusion I made related to Dev.to was accuse
them of not support anything but JavaScript and blocking those with
visual disabilities. They don't. They just use shitty web server
software that thinks the Lynx web browser (or any browser they don't
approve) is a malicious bot. That is easily circumvented by changing the
`User-Agent` header and it works fine after you do. On that particular
point I feel like a right, dumb asshole. (Leave it to the amazing
@green_jenny to politely point that out. I thank her.)

## Monday, February 1, 2021, 5:35:37AM EST <1612175737>

I've noticed a trend. I'll allow myself to be influenced by others only
to realize that many of those opinions are either not based in fact or
are objectively flawed for yet unrealized reasons despite them being
widely popular (remember CoffeeScript, yeah didn't think so). 

Such was the case with Bash and Perl yesterday. I knew using Bash in
2020 would be an experiment, and it was just me v.s. me in that
scenario, but my angry reaction to the perceived sudden hate on Perl was
more about me accepting what I've always known and just being okay with
it, being okay with the facts, no matter what the others have to say
about it.

I also find it physically exhausting to constantly have to explain my
decisions to people many of whom just cannot understand even the
fundamentals of the priorities for which my criteria are based. I cannot
simply give others all my collective experience in a single sound bite
or tweet. There's no way that last sentence doesn't sound arrogant. I
don't mean it to. It's just a fact.

As much as it fucking hurts, I leave myself open to being wrong when
presented with new information.

God knows I've change my direction in both my career and personal life
based on this. In one case, it cost me my marriage. In almost every case
I perceive that I'm losing the trust of those I've influenced to follow
the previous direction. But isn't a worse thing to *not* change
direction and explain why? 

A flood of examples about the horrors that occur when people don't own
their false finding just came to mind, including the horrible suicide of
the two people subjected to a study about gender assignment through
being raised a particular way that some shit-fuck, "author" published
knowing it was absolute bullshit in private but never said anything
publicly because of the shame *he* would receive for being oh so wrong.
There are so many more examples. People just need to own their mistakes,
but they don't because it hurts even without the public humiliation from
an asshole mob that doesn't let people learn and change. Darwin knows
what I'm talking about. Now there's a guy with *mostly* the courage to
do the right thing.

The popular masses do not allow people to change. "See, you were wrong!"
They would rather crucify people for making the wrong choices than
accept them with respect, even just for choices that are different from
theirs based on less than all the information they had available to
them.

I think this explains my paranoid lashing out the last few days. It's
like I've been beaten so much for changing significant direction (and
being made fun of for it) that I overreact to even the slightest
question as to why. God knows I've been physically bullied enough to
give me PTSD forever, let alone emotionally. It is hard enough realizing
and accepting myself as being wrong or, given a bunch of new
information, and that I *have* to change despite the cost. I mean, think
of the *major* things I had to change on this last five years:

* Linux to Windows to Mac to Linux
* YAML to TOML to YAML
* Python to Go
* Google to Protonmail
* Classroom to Single Mentored
* Ops to Dev to SecOps to Dev to DevOps
* DO to AWS to DO
* VS Code back to Vim
* NeoVim to Vim
* Mint to PopOS!
* GitLab to GitHub
* GitHub to Gitea

So when I see the path I've been on with Perl over the last 15 years,
I can maybe understand why I'm so pissed off (even if not at anyone
specifically):

* Perl to Python to POSIX Shell to Bash back to Perl

Reading that line still angers me. Sure I learned a lot along the way.
Sure Python is better for some things and my `.bashrc` will always be
better because of it. But realizing I was right all along about Perl for
stuff I had tried to squeeze into other languages really hurts ---
especially given how much of Perl I had simply forgotten. It's like
showing up on the doorstep of my ex-wife's home and saying, "You know,
you were absolutely right about me the entire time." It might be true,
but my God it hurts to face it, even if I'm the only one saying anything
to myself about it. Even so, it's the right thing to do (the Perl thing,
not the ex-wife, she's a heinous, soulless bitch and I'm glad to be free
from her forever).

Given all of that going on in my head, and the fact that all of it is
live streamed for every pundit to comment on, it's no wonder I was a
powder keg the last few days. It's one thing to make dumb mistakes while
coding for all to see (sometimes *really* dumb mistakes). It's quite
another to publicly realize you have been dead wrong about a *major*
life decision for more than a year. Being live makes you very
vulnerable, and you are already sensitive about it and drawing all your
internal courage to face yourself and your decision.

No wonder when some fucking asshole says, "See I told you" I want to
fucking ban them immediately, or worse, someone starts spouting the lies
that got you to change direction in the first place, even if they
*personally* don't agree with them (or so they say after you call them
an asshole). It's easy to be a coward watching from your living room or
couch and chime in for all to see on a live stream that you've done
absolutely nothing to support, when all you do is enjoy the quick ego
boost of calling out the streamer for being wrong even though you can't
manage to pay \$2 a month to support that same streamer that puts up
with your shit.

I'm doing it again.

I resent many of the people in the community to whom I have given a
significant voice, whose opinions I take seriously into consideration,
and who down-right relish the moments when I'm wrong and they get to
claim they knew it all along --- especially when those same assholes
spend hours on my live stream without paying a single cent of support or
doing anything *actually* valuable. Most consider their shared opinions
to be their most valuable contribution.

It's a wonder I even keep doing this. But, in the end, the good people
who truly have something to offer make it all the more worth it. I just
need to focus on them.

But here's the problem, I can't stop caring about what *everyone* thinks.
It's not a popularity thing. It's something more. It's always been a
massive flaw. And when I realize it is affecting me I inevitably
over-react and suddenly *everyone's* an asshole. At least I know that
about myself and can publicly admit it, which I'm sure certain people
will say, "See, I told you that you were over-reacting. I'm right, as
usual. You were wrong." I fucking hate people like that even if most of
them just simply lack the emotional intelligence to understand why it's
just not okay to say that shit.

