## Sunday, March 1, 2020, 2:30:46PM EST [1583091046]

The key to making this work is not going to deep into any of the things
covered:

* Go up to and including concurrency and modules but not further.
Capstone is a multi-service virtual agent tied to Twitch, Discord,
Twitter, and GitLab.

* Bash capstone will be a fully realized `bashrc` in a `config` repo
containing prominent examples of everything Bash 4+ has to offer
including stuff using `curl`, `jq`, and no `sed`, `awk`, `tr`, or any
other ancient shell sub-process shit.

One thing that will be rather sensitive to deal with is that the G0CT
will take the Mr. Miyage approach. In blunt terms, my way or nothing.
That does not mean I'm not open to challenge and progress and change,
only that I will require everyone to master the way I outline first and
then decide how they would like to modify it. In other words, no
`emacs`, no `zsh`, no Arch, my `tmux.conf`, and so on. This will be a
bit difficult and will no doubt cause a lot of controversy but frankly I
don't give a fuck. You want my cert, you do it my way. The end. :) Since
everything is creative commons people will be able to essential fork my
cert material and make their own based on it. But I will trademark the
G0CT so that people do not misrepresent this stuff.

## Sunday, March 1, 2020, 1:17:38PM EST [1583086658]

I'm focusing on the following areas at [SkilStak]{.spy}:

1. Ground-Zero Certified Technologist (G0CT)
2. Offensive Security Professional (OSCP,OSWE,OSCE,OSWP,OSEE)

That's it. Anything outside of those is not something I will spend any
time on. I will assist people during their sessions with their own
projects outside of this scope as much as possible. But I (and SkilStak)
will not spend one second focused on producing or researching content
for *anything* outside of this scope. This focus should rocket-propel
the production of good and current content over the next year, hopefully
before DefCon in August.

The question becomes, "Got your G0CT yet?" 

If the answer is no then you have really no business going further for
any of the Offensive Security stuff. But once you do have a G0CT you can
charge down the Offensive Security specialization path (or any other of
your choosing outside of SkilStak).

The next question is, "Do you have a degree?" 

If not, then WGU Bachelor's in Cybersecurity and Information Assurance
is my recommendation and what I'll cover (even though I won't be getting
one myself.

After you complete WGU (or if you already have *any* degree) go
*straight* for the Offensive Security certifications.

This is good to be coming up now because I have been redoing
[skilstak.io](/https://skilstak.io) and will change it to be on this
focus. Ironically I've come full circle back to a "stack of skills" with
a specific purpose: to provide a solid foundation on which to build
everything else.

## Sunday, March 1, 2020, 12:41:41PM EST [1583084501]

Loving that the newest iteration of content is focused entirely on
personal empowerment that applies to *anyone*, not just people going for
tech occupations eventually. For example, Knowledge Content Creator
(KNOW) is *not* web development but includes *simple* web development as
a part of the self-publishing process. Adding Self-Orienting Continuous
Learner (SELF) is also a huge win. I *finally* have my finger on that
sort of ephemeral thing that so many take away from SkilStak without
formal training in it, although to be fair many come to me having
already learned most of it. 

It all just feels really good, really right.

## Sunday, March 1, 2020, 12:04:16PM EST [1583082256]

One thing is for sure, all these years of working with rather young
people (and old people who declare themselves as "non-technical") has
really been an advantage. I sort of intuitively find myself explaining
everything more like I would to one of these people instead of assuming
a lot of technical expertise (like so many other resources and teachers
seem to do). I got to be sure not to lose that as the level of base tech
skills increases in the average person I might be helping.

## Sunday, March 1, 2020, 11:01:50AM EST [1583078510]

Working on a separation between the main skills and ability categories
and struggling a bit with where something like ProtonMail would fall. It
doesn't go under Modern Computer User, hummm.

## Sunday, March 1, 2020, 8:56:13AM EST [1583070973]

It's become clear what comes next for [SkilStak]{.spy}. Providing my own
certifications has always been something I wanted to do and the clearest
way to do that is now materializing pretty clearly. I have setup
certification based learning with merit-badge-like requirements before
but was overwhelmed with all the content required. Now that I'm laser
focusing on the two following certificates I can use certification to
create a crystal clear path to learning the skills I've learned are most
critical and yet have no formal method of learning or validating:

------- -------------------------------------- INIT    Technology
Initiate USER    Modern Computer User SELF    Self-Orienting Continuous
Learner NOTE    Knowledge Content Creator TERM    Linux Bash Terminal
Master SUDO    Multiplatform Desktop Administrator HOME    Home Network
Administrator PROG    Pragmatric Golang Programmer PRIV    Privacy
Advocate KNOW    Prescient Technology Professional -------
--------------------------------------

After getting those there will a capstone (like Eagle project), a paper,
a thorough personal portfolio review, and a final one hour board of
review before three professionals from the fields of software
development, operations, and security.

I have been breaking this material up and learning it in stages with
specific goals of one of the following projects that people want to
regularly do who come here in person:

* Web page
* Web app
* Game
* Job
* Robotic arm
* Minecraft server
* Hacker skills

That pretty much covers all the stuff most people walking through the
door want to learn, but they are a different group of, um, "customer" I
suppose. Streaming has broadened the number of people interested and
provided an opportunity to hone in more specifically on expertise in a
few core areas.

In other words, these things will still be possible, but won't be stuff
I specifically focus on.

