## Sunday, February 21, 2021, 1:58:30PM EST <1613933910>

Need to read more about John Dewey (yes, the Dewey decimal system dude).
Apparently, he has some interesting ideas about education in general.

## Sunday, February 21, 2021, 11:19:08AM EST <1613924348>

I'm realizing again how core and important creating an exhaustive open
credential is over comprehensive content. We see this idea confirmed in
the "Hard Way" series that just tells people what they should learn and
give pointers on where to learn about it. The guidance through the
jungle of resource material on a given topic or skill or task is really
the thing I can help with (and have) more than "working through" a book,
which (I am reminded) is just a reference at the end of the day.

TL;DR: No more book workthroughs. Focus on creating skills map outlines
and open credentials as the top priority for guided mentoring. Include a
number of related challenges to the accompany the specifics in the
credential.

Like akresea says, 'like "paired" mirror note node?' This allows pairing
the content composition with consumption in ways that are both flexibly
organic and effectively organized and searchable.

In other words, I just have to fucking finish KEG. It is the primary
tool at the root of all of this. It is essentially a structured
mind-mapping tool with query-ability, while also being a content
creation tool.

I could create, for example, a basic web design KEG node and then follow
other root nodes from people who have similarly completed the material.
Imagine if all the notes anyone took on a course were easily looked up
and associated directly with the course. The collective sharing of all
those notes creates a dynamic, organic way to consume large amounts of
variation suitable to the individual in addition to the actual content.

To simply this, I remember how many times I learned something from the
comments in the PostgreSQL material and from blogs that was far more
valuable that the content itself about the topic.

## Sunday, February 21, 2021, 9:54:03AM EST <1613919243>

[Programming from the Ground Up, C](https://duck.com/lite?kd=-1&kp=-1&q=Programming from the Ground Up, C) is a book that teaches C after
learning assembly.

* [Effective C](https://duck.com/lite?kd=-1&kp=-1&q=Effective C)
* [Algorithmic Thinking, Understanding and Using C Pointers](https://duck.com/lite?kd=-1&kp=-1&q=Algorithmic Thinking, Understanding and Using C Pointers)

## Sunday, February 21, 2021, 9:35:33AM EST <1613918133>

Hummm, just noticing with the stream community that there are ways to
mine the data from StackExchange, ways that would be undetectable and
could provide distilled correct information in a KEG root node.

In fact, after `kn` is done and KEG has a few nodes on it to make sure
everything is working all my efforts will be focused on getting the best
knowledge from the Web and freeing it onto KEG (may Aaron rest in
peace). Apparently, `tldr` and `cht.sh` and `learninxminutes` are all
similar initiatives right now.

One that I will personally find great pleasure in doing if fucking
replacing anything actually valuable from Quora (that piece of shit
questions and answers site that requires JavaScript just to read
anything).

## Sunday, February 21, 2021, 9:21:04AM EST <1613917264>

Redoing the `date -d` grammar in Go.

