## Friday, February 19, 2021, 9:46:58PM EST <1613789218>

TIL that the modulo (remainder) operator does not even support
operations on real numbers in math. Maybe that is why it requires
integer operands in Go. Mostly, its just to alternate colors with even
and odd in tables in JavaScript. ;)

## Friday, February 19, 2021, 3:57:17PM EST <1613768237>

Today I turned down an interview request after realizing (as I've said
before) Doris and I aren't entertaining any work opportunities that are
not remote or "from home" --- especially after doing so for the last 23
years.

It seems like there are more remote jobs for software developers than
there are for "infrastructure engineers" which makes sense given that
the stuff you are engineering and maintaining is usually
on-site/on-prem.

I've been able to straddle development and operations for most of my
career having last concluded with software development and root cause
analysis (core dump analysis and stuff) at IBM. Also I wrote a fun fork
bomb for IBM to stress test software (by their request). This is the
kind of work that I really love, get in there, get dirty, rip the bits
apart and see what happens (and how it broke, or how to break it). Turns
out there is a career in cybersecurity doing exactly that.

Senior Software Developer for a cybersecurity company focused on
forensics analysis (or contracted to do such analysis) is really my new
main focus. It's a slight adjustment from the SRE with OffSec emphasis
(the right direction).

## Friday, February 19, 2021, 2:36:49PM EST <1613763409>

Apparently there's a thing called `wappalyzer` (a firefox add-on) for
analyzing web sites/apps and telling you their tech footprint.

Although, we discovered it wants to "anonymously" track your browsing.
So, um, no.

Great idea though. Makes me want to make an open equivalent by hacking it
and looking at its code. 

Balena Etcher (something I've recommended for more than year) did the
same thing. Now there is an open replacement.

## Friday, February 19, 2021, 9:53:12AM EST <1613746392>

I've concluded that Beginner Boosts need to simply be structured content
and learning paths rather than videos. Then, during mentoring that
happens every day now between 4pm and 9pm I'll simply be available to
address the needs of other beginners on the stream who have questions. I
can do little segments as needed and make sure they are cataloged in my
<https://rwx.gg> KEG site.

The problem is I cannot do brain-intensive things as the last thing of
the day. I need to use by best brain energy possible during
cybersecurity training. 

This leaves the early morning hours and weekends for nothing but
self-driven hacker training. And, as it works out, I'm most likely to
find others interested in those same things during that time.

The regular workday hours will continue to be dedicated to the full-time
job either preparing SkilStak content or doing SRE work for my next
employer.

## Friday, February 19, 2021, 9:13:56AM EST <1613744036>

Just got done watching another very experienced "black hat" security
streamer who has done amazing things for American companies, but I would
be lying if I said I was impressed. In fact, the more I follow different
security streamers from the main stream I realize how much more I prefer
the skills of those who would never be caught dead in public streaming
about their skills.

For example, "Discord is where it's at, now" was the response someone
made when I suggested people find some good IRC channels. In fact, I'm
quite sure most of the people watching that stream have no fucking idea
what IRC is and why it matters. They sure as hell don't know what
alt2600 is.

I respect that there is a new generation of hackers who are comfortable
being in the open, and I absolutely love John Hammond who is heavily
from that generation. But there is a lot to be learned from the core
skills that are only exhibited on the dark side.

The quandary is that the most elite skills on the planet are not to be
had through any kind of "open" community. I know of one black hat who
works in the industry who "goes dark" for large amounts of time just to
train. He claims to not do anything nefarious and I believe him. He does
it to rub shoulders with those who have *real* skills, those forged in
the fires of Mount Doom that make people with security certs look like
hobbits in the Shire. But, the Hobbits won in the end. How?

The hobbits literally saved their world by taking their true hearts and
going into the darkest abyss without their choosing. The result was the
short but bad ass hobbits who rode in on full sized horses back into the
shire. These hobbits kicked ass, for all the right reasons.

I wanna be a hobbit like that, and it ain't happening by getting a piece
of paper and taking a Pearson exam.

## Friday, February 19, 2021, 12:30:06AM EST <1613712606>

Looks like my audio needs a 120 ms delay in OBS advanced properties. So
much to remember. I had to completely retune my camera after all the
changes. I'm so tired.

