## Thursday, October 29, 2020, 7:47:11PM EDT <1604015231>

I really need to make a meme with Dolorous Umbrage handing out AP
Computer Science course text books that contain the stuff
[here](https://apcentral.collegeboard.org/courses/ap-computer-science-a/course)
outlining the course. It is just so fucking horrible. Even the comments
at the bottom and all the registered trademarks on all the methodologies
and bombastic shit scream of irrelevance. They aren't even trying to
create something in the best interests of the students or those for whom
they might eventually work. Friere would just shake his head in sorrow
at the whole lot.

Don't get mad, Rob, get busy. I actually went out to that page to check
and see if anything had changed *in the last eight years*. Well it
hasn't. I can't even create a parallel curriculum because *entire units
are shit*. 

But that is all okay because the very idea of too much reading and
theory is antithetical to *actual* learning. Side by side performance of
practice and working with a common goal is the key. That is why the
world's best book on JavaScript programming currently is the result of a
Kickstarter and lots of collaboration. We need a Go one as well.

## Thursday, October 29, 2020, 5:03:28PM EDT <1604005408>

Just had a community member mention the [Gemini
Project](https://gemini.circumlunar.space/), a cross between Gopher and
HTTP. At least people are thinking about the alternatives.

## Thursday, October 29, 2020, 2:24:00AM EDT <1603952640>

I've never been more convinced that paywalls are part of what is killing
our world. People like the former campaign manager for Bernie Sanders
troll someone like Chomsky into interviewing and then posting
essentially "I schooled Chomsky, come see" only to run into some
ridiculously overpriced paywall to then discover she's actually just an
attention whore with nothing substantial to say with opinions that will
actually *put* Trump in office after *miserably* failing as Bernie
Sanders campaign manager.

The bigger issue is all the money behind all the news outlets. It
started with cable and now is just continuing with likes and views and
ads. You see this all the time on Twitch. People behave completely
differently just to get the subs and likes, 'cuz money. If humanity is
to have any hope at all these people need to start making money doing
other substantial things and then sharing their knowledge as a social
good instead of for cash flow on the side. There's no way *anyone* can
arrive at truth if all the science and dialog is funded by this or that
special interest. That goes for me as well. Paywalls exclude some of the
most important people who need to participate in the conversation. The
"oppressed" cannot often participate in the discussions because their
oppressors won't even let them in. In some cases, just as Friere
predicts, the saccharine, empty "paternalism" from neo-liberals is the most
hypocritical and damaging. But, as Friere suggests. The oppressors are
incapable of seeing this themselves. The only solution is for the
oppressed to develop their own courage and voice. Hence, the "pedagogy"
requiring being with and among them to share learning experiences as
they bring their own revolution that includes not seeing the oppressors
as enemies, but equal victims in a broken system.

