## Wednesday, June 10, 2020, 7:17:01PM EDT [1591831021]

I'm revisiting the language and terms I use a lot lately. One term that
really holds up is *challenge*. People really respond to it. It's
essentially the same thing as an *exercise* but invokes a lot more
motivation and fun.

Another place that we see challenge-based learning *really* skyrocketing
is in the CTF and security space. Essentially every "wargame" *is* a
challenge. The only difference is that there isn't something to find, no
prize to unlock or discover. But maybe there should be?

The word *challenge* also can replace the word *project* where a
specification is written out and the challenge is complete when the
project matches the specifications.

After considering the boring term *howto* there really is no comparison.
The *howto* is simply the *walkthrough*, the *recipe*, the *solution*.

I'm trying to reduce the complexity of terms and number of menus on
[RWX.GG](https://rwx.gg){.spy} and think I've got them now:

--------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Welcome       How to join our community and what we are about, how to
connect. Questions     Dos, don'ts, who, what, when, where, why? Boosts
Combinations of Tools, Challenges, Definitions, Articles, and Tools
Challenges    Projects small and large, howto, walkthroughs. Latest
Automated recent created, updated, or modified content. Also news.
--------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Each of these is actually just an index.

Boosts are the trickiest to categorize. 

## Wednesday, June 10, 2020, 6:52:35PM EDT [1591829555]

Made the mistake of clicking on my stream stats. My high point was 125
subs. I'm down to 67. 

It actually just makes me laugh. It shows how fickle people are and how
much they think that somehow by *buying* a book or subbing to a streamer
that all their magical learning problems will go away and they'll be
able to suddenly get great jobs as coders or hackers.

So it's back to streaming as usual. Eventually I'll add the schedule
back. But I'm not ready yet. I'm on the verge of committing to never do
a video destined for YouTube until I have the entire write up complete
so that I can read from it and people can follow along, no more
summaries and overviews.

I *really* do love the people who have been tuning in and trying their
best --- especially those expressing their support for the herculean
effort it takes to make all of this available.

That is why when I stopped the boost. People were dropping like flies.
They couldn't keep up. I said from the beginning it would require an
*eight hour per day* commitment. But that was just too much. I *knew* it
going into it, but even the fastest among the group couldn't keep up.
These are smart and dedicated people most of who have *no idea* how to
learn and take responsibility for their own learning.

The answer is the same as it always was: modular content that they can
consume when they want and need at their own pace *and a community there
to help them with motivation and answers.* That is what I will continue
to provide. 

But I do laugh because as usual, the *right* way to do something is the
*opposite* of the way that gets the most attention and money. I never
did the boost to get any money. I *always* wanted a way to get feedback
on preparation of materials for everyone. It's a good thing too, because
as soon as I made the change everyone just stopped coming. 

Then to make matters "worse" (if my priorities were actually on my
success as a streamer according to Twitch statistics) I went and started
OverTheShoulder streaming again which is when I don't respond at all to
anyone in the chat and just live stream what I'm writing and doing. Only
a hearty few really care for such things --- especially when it involves
just thinking through things like knowledge management and not showing
everyone how to hack or make millions in the latest fad language.

I suppose the thing that saddens me the most is how frequently I
encounter people unwilling --- or worse --- unable to simply communicate
in written form at all. So much of the value I provide is by writing
shit down that no one yet has and working on sustainable ways of keeping
it up and maintained. Sometimes it seems that only a very few actually
*really* appreciate that side of the work.

## Wednesday, June 10, 2020, 6:10:33PM EDT [1591827033]

The last few days the news has been filled with the gory scene of a
75-year-old activist doing nothing but *standing* being pushed to his
brain-death as he fell on his head and bled out on the sidewalk in front
of his cities town hall. Our shit-for-brains, legally certified insane
non-president said essentially that it was his fault for being there and
a bunch of other Republicans agreed.

This is why I don't watch this shit very much despite how important it
is. Watching that video is bad, but watching the unapologetic cops that
did this be released  to *cheers from a full crowd of cops and other
supporters* is enough to seriously activate *anyone* with a heart.
Empathy is dead.

## Wednesday, June 10, 2020, 4:19:50PM EDT [1591820390]

So hard going through knowledge base migrations. People want the old
content because they don't know something new is available and sometimes
the new stuff has bugs and broken links. I'd go so far as to say that
maintaining a knowledge base is *way* more difficult than maintaining
any open source project.

## Wednesday, June 10, 2020, 2:52:11PM EDT [1591815131]

The fundamental to all the knowledge issue is the *inability to audit
the knowledge*. If it was code or some type of system you would call it
"technical debt" but we don't have the same concept when it comes to our
knowledge systems.

I think the fix might have something to do with *purposefully* breaking
things, meaning that if something does *not* get an update it
*automatically* disappears thus *forcing* content maintainers to receive
notifications that stuff is *explicitly* breaking.

What are the things that can be audited in a knowledge base?

* Are there any broken hyperlinks?
* How old the content is? Has it expired?
* Have any dependencies expired?
* Regular spelling and grammar things.

"Information is relevant as long as THIS is true. 'Great phone to get.'
--> 'This phone is top 5 best phone.'"

"Deep learning" depends on "Machine learning"

## Wednesday, June 10, 2020, 9:51:20AM EDT [1591797080]

One of the simplest questions that has driven me nearly insane is what
*specifically* to call what O'Reilly starting calling "recipes" and
others call "HowTos" and even "tutorials". That last one is so
*phenomenally* inaccurate yet popular that it actually makes my blood
boil more than I'd like to admit. I have blogged about these definitions
so much it all starts to seem to glaze over. So here's another blog post
*about the same thing*.

Thankfully we actually have some solid terms for this stuff in the
technical realm, its just that muggles have no idea what they mean,
without some explanation:

  Term       Definition ------------
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Operation   Something done with parameters without specifying how it
  is accomplished. Method      The *way* an operation is completed.
  Procedure   Same as method but used more commonly when involving
  people. Function    Takes optional input and returns output with no
  side-effects. Also job with people. Task        Sometimes operation,
  others method or procedure. Usually time-bound. Skill       The
  capability to successfully execute a specific task. Ability     A
  capability that is generally more *innate* and much harder to learn.
  Superpower. Job         All over the map. A specific task underway.
  Also person's occupation. Occupation  What a person does with their
  time usually to make money and fill a social need. HowTo
  Technically a method for people. Often associated with task. Requires
  skill. Knowledge   The stuff that can be contained in human brain
  including skills and abilities.

 You can see that there is a lot overlap between the terms --- some of
 it very confusing. The review has been helpful, however. It seems clear
 that the term I should use on RWX.gg and in other knowledge bases is
 `howto` because it speaks so clearly to *most* people. "Oh, it's 'how
 to' do something. Okay. \*click\*" It also makes the IDs read like
 English sentences like (`/tools/ssh/howto/catpub`). In a pseudo-OOP
 form for the human "class" it might be `Human.ssh.catpub()` and if my
 specific instance of `Human` called the method `rwxrob.ssh.catpub()`. 

 I won't lie. Imagining what code would look like that described
 real-world procedures being done by instances of humans makes me smile.
 I'm just that weird. Later when we find out that we actually *are* just
 computers at some level it will be even more entertaining. But I
 seriously doubt any algorithms in the natural world have ever been
 *coded* as opposed to *discovered* through millions of small
 improvements as we see with machine learning today, (which reminds me,
 I need to make time on one of my now free weekends to crack open the
 calculus of machine learning and really sink into it.)

 There's another interesting fact that emerges. Human brains can be
 discussed and approached just like any other device that can be
 programmed. It's just that the *method* of programming a human brain is
 radically different than programming modern digital computers. This
 fact can inform decisions about how to organize knowledge and design
 methods of learning. It is the reason that *knowledge source code* is
 an accurate description of any stored knowledge that a human brain can
 consume, the most fundamental of which is text.

 The one thing that the 90s OOP insanity got right was the *clear*
 distinction between *operations* and *methods* much like Pascal and SQL
 got *functions* and *procedures* right.
 
 Thankfully it is just lazy people that call these things by their
 incorrect names today because the languages allow them to be referred
 to correctly in Bash, Python, and JavaScript. You don't *have* to use
 the brain-dead "function" keywords in those languages. I mean, ***IT'S
 NOT A FUCKING FUNCTION!*** Okay, calm down. Rust and Go jumped on to
 the stupid-train by forcing the use of `fn` and `func` for things that
 having *nothing* to do with functions. That was sheer laziness by the
 creators of the language syntax. Perl has `sub` which is ideal because,
 after all, that is what most of those things actually are. But God help
 you if you use the term *subroutine* today. "OKAY BOOMER," is the
 response even though it is so much more accurate its actually sad. All
 these people who don't know the difference are actually the problem.
 They cannot decide if their code in this block right here is actually a
 function or a subroutine/procedure and *that* is what is causing the
 problem. Who am I kidding? No one gives a shit. The massive amounts of
 absolute crap code that hacker are walking through and that is killing
 people in their cars still isn't enough to make people care. Besides,
 the people being affected aren't the coders writing it. Its the poor
 souls being affected by it after the coder has cashed out and moved on
 to the next easy gig. That trend is only going to get worse as more and
 more people don't even bother to vet the code at all.

