## Saturday, January 2, 2021, 9:21:48PM EST <1609640508>

Need to remember the font type and color in OBS for my video thumbnails:

Setting|Value
-|-
Font|Lora Bold
Size|255
Color 1|`#fadb2f`
Color 2|`#d79921`

## Saturday, January 2, 2021, 8:17:23PM EST <1609636643>

Below are the different profile sections one can add to their LinkedIn
profile. 

* Introduction
* About
* Featured
  * Posts
  * Articles
  * Links
  * Media
* Background
  * Work Experience
  * Education
  * Licenses and Certifications
  * Volunteer Experience
* Skills
* Accomplishments
  * Publications
  * Patents
  * Courses
  * Projects
  * Honors and Awards
  * Test Scores
  * Languages
  * Organizations
* Recommendations

## Saturday, January 2, 2021, 2:15:50PM EST <1609614950>

As I transfer my work history from LinkedIn into a simple `vitae.yml` file I've
been enjoying the opportunity to reflect back on everything. Most of it
is pleasant, but some is not.

One memory in particular that disturbs me is when I befriended a girl
who was introduced to me by a mutual friend who was obsessed with
cycling as much as I was. She got me my job with the bike shop. She was
so kind and shy. She'd moved into the area at the suggestion of her
parents to find a husband even though she wasn't Mormon. Clearly, she
was under a lot of pressure from them to get married even though she
rarely spoke of it.

We became great friends, really great friends. We would bike no matter
what the whether. Eventually, we'd take breaks to kiss. I remember her
cold nose on my cheek. We'd work together in the shop even though she
didn't consider herself a mechanic. Looking back I now see that even
though everyone in the shop was friendly she was likely made to feel
inferior indirectly just from all the Mormon masculine energy.

We were both very horny college kids, like most repressed Mormons (even
though she was not Mormon). Making out became a regular thing. Even
though we'd never sleep together (which would get me expelled from
school and excommunicated) we did everything but. I fondly remember the
time we spent in her room, on that warm bed in the dead of Utah Winter.

I have similar memories with others during that age, but for some reason
she lingers in my memory because of the way I ended it, which haunts me
to the core now. It's too painful to even describe. Suffice it to say, I
ghosted her because ultimately I just wanted to be a good Mormon. When
her roommate who introduced us told me she was picking out lingerie I
freaked out.

I had violated her trust in so many ways. It wasn't that I used her, I
sincerely liked her, but I didn't love her. Eventually, that would lead
me to just stop reaching out to her at all, with no explanation, because
I was too much of a fucking coward to face her and tell her the truth,
there was no way we would ever be together and I didn't love her enough
to go further.

Either way I know I broke her heart. I've had my heart broken. I've been
ghosted myself. I just can't believe I was such a shit. Sure I was
young, but the pain of that continues to haunt me.

She faded out of working for the bike shop. I don't even remember the
details of how it happened, mostly because I was so full of myself and
my own ambitions at the shop. Ironically, later I would ride my bike
home from that same shop on the night I would ask my first wife to marry
me. Looking back I realize it wasn't even a year from the time I had
been dating the other girl. In fact, I never once mentioned her to my
first wife in all the years we were married (that I remember). Maybe
that is why I feel compelled to write about her now. She was a big, but
brief, part of my life, a melancholy memory that had all but faded. But
she deserves more than many others to be remembered. She was kind and
sweet to a fault and I stomped on it.

Maybe someone, somewhere reading this will learn from my mistake and
find the inner courage to be honest with people even after leading them
on for far too long. Ghosting is a cruel, painful way to end anything.
The right thing to do is to do the hard thing, which I rarely have. I
deeply regret it.

