## Tuesday, February 18, 2020, 11:02:19PM EST [1582084939]

Rairden showed us a great regular expression [search
plugin](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/find%20-regex-find-in-page/fddffkdncgkkdjobemgbpojjeffmmofb)
for Chromium browsers. Also <https://regexr.com/> for testing regular
expressions.

## Tuesday, February 18, 2020, 9:10:03PM EST [1582078203]

Every time I encounter a shitty site that requires JavaScript ---
especially those that are documentation like Go tutorials or IRC support
--- I cannot contain my rage. They trigger me as much as stepping in a
full pile of shit IRL. So. The remedy will be this [Shameful Shitty
Sites](/shameful-shitty-site/) page. Perhaps someone might even see one
on one of my videos while I mock them to death for how horribly moronic
the devs are. It's one thing to not understand what you are doing (just
one pile of shit) but it's quite another and just do it anyway. Those
people deserve all five piles of shit bagged up and left on their
doorstep on fire. It might not ever be seen by anyone, but it at least
lets me get it out of my system and move on. Ah, I feel better getting
that shit out already.

In fact, I plan on having a weekly segment called Shameful Shitty Sites
where I throw any possible monetization out the window and go full Rob
Sterling on their asses calling them out by name if I have to. Someone
has to fight against this tidal wave of absolute idiocy. It's actually
hurting people's lives and they either don't know or knowingly don't
give a shit.

(And yeah, I'm definitely adding the mature rating to my stream.)

## Tuesday, February 18, 2020, 7:57:57PM EST [1582073877]

Need to wrap up that `vim-pandoc-syntax-simple` plugin because people
are looking for a good way to "color" their Markdown. Should finish that
before doing the video on creating a full static site generator in 20
lines of Bash with Pandoc.

## Tuesday, February 18, 2020, 6:33:46PM EST [1582068826]

Watching the very personable [\@Adam13531](https://twitch.tv/Adam13531)
do VSCode programming on a Discord bot and have a bunch of things going
through my head:

* Need to be *really* ready for absolute novices coming to the stream
eventually.

* Must have my own IRC agent completely finished before ever reaching
that level of activity.

* *No* streams on popular topics until all of that is complete. That
includes nothing about Discord bots, PhaserJS games, "Hacking" and
anything else that might attract a script kiddie or someone taking a
break from playing their favorite game for four hours a day. I have
nothing against those people, just want to be really for a *ton* of
absolute beginners.

* I never want my bedroom to be on a stream, ever.

* Watching people look up documentation using a graphic web browser is
absolutely excruciating.

* Glad to see that `class` has reached mainstream enough in JavaScript
to be picked up by Adam.

* OMG! Intellisense is *so* annoying and noob. I'm embarrassed for him
watching it. But I'm in the wrong there. I shouldn't care.

* Apparently picking `.live` was the right domain. Looks like that's
what he did. I am so fucking jazzed that I got `rwx.tv` and `rwx.gg`.

## Tuesday, February 18, 2020, 4:24:59PM EST [1582061099]

Having a lot of initial success with the group with [Eloquent
JavaScript](https://eloquentjavascript.net) in combination with an open
JavaScript console next to them as they read along in the book. Don't
know why I didn't think of that earlier. It's the perfect way to *do* as
you *learn* to help things sink in. I had done something similar with
the whole *codebook* concept before, which was good because that was
Python and Go as well. This method does depend on having an Internet
connection, but with the option of downloading or buying the book and
doing the same thing offline, so I meets the what-if-everyone-did-it
test. I really love this approach because there is absolutely *zero*
setup involved, nothing to install, no books to wait to arrive, no
Internet setup, no Linux installation, just raw reading, coding and
self-evaluating immediately.

I must remember who suggested I look into this book. It is really good.

## Tuesday, February 18, 2020, 1:52:49PM EST [1582051969]

Really need to put some effort into quantifying, capturing, and
documenting important cognitive skills such as self-evaluation.

## Tuesday, February 18, 2020, 1:15:33PM EST [1582049733]

I really need to figure out how to change the steam to "Just Chatting"
on occasion to talk through issues I find super interesting like leaving
Mormonism, divorce, history, even politics. Still wondering if I need a
different account for that or if setting the topic is enough.

