## Monday, February 24, 2020, 6:19:31PM EST [1582586371]

Feeling the pull to put up a schedule again. I vacillate between wanting
to keep to a general schedule and being able to switch things up from
time to time. The science on those who keep a schedule is pretty clear.
They get shit done. But they also have a lot more stress in their lives.
Every time I start following a schedule I become a little hard to live
with if I can't keep it (for whatever reason). But that discipline is
something to be valued. It's the basis of the Ashtanga approach.

When I look back I can't help but acknowledge that the times of my life
where I was the most ripped and educated have always been when I
followed a perty darn strict schedule (triathlon, continuous learning on
public transportation going and coming from work, guitar practice and
gigs, etc).

That settles it, creating a new schedule it is. I imagine that will help
out those wanting help from me a lot as well.

## Monday, February 24, 2020, 4:54:18PM EST [1582581258]

The great cleanup continues. Everything will be on GitLab when this is
over, but I have hours of work. Need to decide if coding a port tool
using the APIs of both services is worth it.

## Monday, February 24, 2020, 4:35:03PM EST [1582580103]

Okay it's *insane* how much time streaming takes out of my day. I really
love it and want to keep it up, but my God no wonder more people who
actually are focused on getting shit done during the day don't touch it.
Ironically so many YouTubers I have run into are frankly kinda clueless,
or at the very least inexperienced. I won't name names, but people
reading this would definitely know them.

As usual, those who take time to write and blog and stream are
physically limited from using that time for other things. Overall I
think this is the same problem people have when teaching. All the
logistics of teaching takes so much time during the day --- especially
for a traditional institution --- that having any time left to work or
do the things that are what people want to learn is severely limited.
This is why on-the-job mentoring makes so much sense, but our society
doesn't permit for it because of the break-neck pace of devilry on
everything that would make someone learning just seem like they are in
the way of the 10x tech doing what they do best. It's something of a
dilemma for sure.

I think the best solution to the problem is simply to live-stream as
much as possible. I was talking about this with my sculptor wife who has
had the most likes on Instagram posts showing her just doing what she
does. People just want to observe what is happening and either learn
from it or glean some motivation from watching someone really get into
it. Besides, the best way to teach anything is through example.

On the other had, creating video is far easier than writing once you hit
your stride. In the time of creating this blog post I could have covered
all this material and a lot more. Words are supreme because they can be
found through searches, but video is so much faster to produce. In fact,
creating videos has taken a huge hit on my blogging because of it. There
is a happy medium in there someplace. I think it has something to do
with just making the video first, and then getting to the finished
writing later. The problem is we all never return to things. We just
move forward. Something as simple as exporting a video to YouTube won't
get done if I don't do it in that moment while I'm thinking about it.
That means that a lot of videos will *never* make it into writing. But
it also means that only those videos that absolutely need to be written
will ever get attention. 

I'm sticking with the earlier conclusion that video is for talking
through things to arrive at conclusions and blogging is for capturing
that process lightly and focusing on the conclusion itself, which is
what people are most interested in.

