## Wednesday, August 19, 2020, 8:41:08PM EDT [1597884068]

Need to add `sitemap.xml` generation to `kn build` since it contains
information similar to what is in the `MANIFEST` file but is recognized
by Google and other search engines.

## Wednesday, August 19, 2020, 6:43:10PM EDT [1597876990]

I'm chuckling as I go through the latest list of Go resources (books,
videos) out there and every time I want to slap my forehead because the
introduction is so stupid or the title so completely off base it turns
out to be from --- you guessed it --- Packt publishing. Books from the
publisher are so laughably bad. I cannot warn people enough to *never*
give that publisher a single cent of your money. I could write a full
booklet just on all the shit I've found in different Packt publishing
books of all kinds. It's because they flatter lesser developers into
writing a book and flood the market trying to get books out there fast
without any attention to quality.

## Wednesday, August 19, 2020, 6:26:55PM EDT [1597876015]

I sometimes struggle with reading a particular name of a developer or
technologist turned author or popular library creator or YouTuber who
has really become well known --- even writing forwards for shitty books
--- while knowing deep down how ugly their code really is because I've
actually read it. Even if very few realize just how horrible it is, I
know. I mean sometimes it is absolutely brain-dead stupid bad in some
cases, and yet *everyone* uses it without knowing because they don't
look at it. It's one of those opportunities to channel Rob Pike and just
keep my feelings mostly to myself. (I get the sense that he probably has
done that a lot during his life.) "Don't get mad, Rob, get busy. Don't
get mad. Get busy."

## Wednesday, August 19, 2020, 5:23:53PM EDT [1597872233]

Here's what I'm adding to all invoices these days:

> Based on the economy and market value, beginning Jan 1, 2021 the cost
a block will increase from \$800 to \$900. (See Codakid
<https://codakid.com/private-online-coding-classes/> offers private
mentoring from college kids using non-professional tools and skills for
a comparison.) I prefer maintaining a lower rate and promoting long-term
relationships but this adjustment is required now that only accept 25
maximum into the community.

I could change \$100/hour if I wanted and easily get 25 people from the
professional ranks, but I'd rather keep the rate down and focus on
long-term relationships with a select few.

## Wednesday, August 19, 2020, 8:32:26AM EDT [1597840346]

Put a few things on my [wishes list](/wish/), mostly stuff that is
obvious to anyone who knows me since I've been working on it for so
long:

1. Better PEG Grammar Notation and Tooling
1. Fast, One-Pass Parsable Markdown (Ezmark)
1. A Decentralized Knowledge Network
1. Reformed Public Education Focused on Learning

Imma keep plugging away.

