## Monday, April 19, 2021, 3:28:17PM EDT <1618860497>

God some of these entitled asshole parents just have no limits. I'm
struggling to make it through a transition and asked for some time to
refund their \$500 and *every fucking one of them understands* except
for the fucking Trump supporter who tells me that "perhaps as a business
person you should re-evaluate your decision to not pay immediate refunds
for sessions you chose to cancel." 

The wonderful thing about being employed and not having to put up with
these fucking assholes is that I will do whatever the fuck I want and do
my best. Those who don't understand that can kiss my ass or sue me. God
knows there is nothing for them to get from me out of it.

What really chaps my ass is that these are always the assholes who ruin
in for everyone else, the ones who's kids are perpetually late, who
couldn't give a shit that I had a waiting list 20+ deep while I kept
teaching their entitled asshole of a son.

It's also no surprise that the same couple didn't even *consider* giving
their daughter a chance when they started their son out even though she
was going out of her way to see what all this computer stuff was about.
It's no surprise that she ended up dominating his lazy ass in the end.

I have zero fucks to give to such people. But I had to get it out of my
system so I can get back to making a difference for those who *really*
support me.

Oh yeah, this is the bitch who complained about closing for Covid and
played it off as a hoax even while her son was hacking up a lung in my
front-room. It was *because* of them that I closed my doors. I just knew
I could never trust these assholes. It's no surprise that the father in
this scenario is a "banker" who likes 70s rock and always questioned the
value of learning to code.

Another case of someone getting into my community without a full
evaluation up front because they were recommended by another group that
I had trusted. Just goes to show you have to evaluate everyone
individually no matter what. Maybe someone will benefit from this
horrible lesson that life keeps schooling me with.

Also, why are professed Christ followers *always* the biggest fucking
assholes of them all! My God! It is so predictable at this point.

## Monday, April 19, 2021, 1:46:30PM EDT <1618854390>

Just a reminder that the best documentation I can find on the format for
the comments in code in Go is still <https://blog.golang.org/godoc> from
2011. I'm quite sure something has changed since then.

## Monday, April 19, 2021, 12:30:07PM EDT <1618849807>

I have to stop forgetting to omit the `*` from both the `Stringer` and
`MarshalJSON` methods. It keeps making them miss their match as if they
didn't exit.

## Monday, April 19, 2021, 12:04:53PM EDT <1618848293>

That's it. I'm using `x` for my receivers in everything. This variation
based on the name is just plain fucking stupid and impossible to
remember. Using `x` for all my receivers makes everything consistent and
easy to find. Go might not like `this` or `self` but frankly not
standardizing the name of the receiver, not even by convention, is just
fucking brain dead. I don't have to comply.

