## Thursday, June 18, 2020, 6:46:47PM EDT [1592520407]

I seriously can't get anything done because I keep having better ideas
before implementing the previous idea. It is getting really annoying.

The latest comes from really looking into the different forms of
knowledge node and realizing that if I can have an entire node just for
a concept or term definition I certainly can have one for a blog post.
This addresses another concern I was starting to have for letting users
order their blog entries the way they want when reading them as well as
being able to link to specific blog entries without having to load up
the whole weeks worth of stuff.

I've also been changing recently to putting some sort of title on the
blog to give a summary of it, which means I might as well title the
things.

The real question is what to make the URLs. Some say that the text in
the URL gives it a better score. I don't really care. I just want a
short, time-based URL. Hummm ...

```
2020/wk24/some
```

Yeah that's the ticket.

## Thursday, June 18, 2020, 5:35:45PM EDT [1592516145]

My entire life I have struggled with seeing dumb shit and not having an
appropriate outlet for it. I thought the 'Shit' page here could help
with that. Then I experienced *another* racist prick who uses that
approach specifically to appeal to a *specific* type of person and I'm
like, "Oh shit." Yeah. It became clear that my venting could easily be
taken up by that same type of person.

Words are powerful and no matter how raw and frustrated I get from being
engaged with the world I *cannot* let it make me behave in ways that I
so deeply loathe in others. I am just a hypocrite at that point.

I'm not saying I'm going the other way and becoming a snowflake afraid
to disagree with anyone for fear of offending them simply by
contradicting them. A good *debate* is needed, not a personal,
shit-flinging fight.

## Thursday, June 18, 2020, 4:55:40PM EDT [1592513740]

Reminded today that some people are just such assholes and sometimes I'm
gonna get asked about them. Some YouTubers are obviously misogynistic,
racist, bigoted pricks who make fun of autistic people. After a bit of
personal frustration with the existence of these people and some support
from my wife and community I've recommitted to not get mad, just get
busy. I have to drown out these dumb-asses not just because of their
tech preferences but their influence on particularly young people.

Lucky I have one big advantage. I can form relatively persuasive
sentences that form paragraphs. Most of these assholes spend all their
time making lame videos and pumping up their echo chamber forums rather
than creating anything of substance. But then again, the world largely
doesn't *want* to read any more. Idiocracy is real.

## Thursday, June 18, 2020, 9:12:07AM EDT [1592485927]

The more I toy with Rust the more I realize that a languages strengths
are often disassociated with its syntax --- but not always. 

The stupid implementation of generics in Go to save a few compilation
milliseconds at the cost of syntax clarity *forever* was *not* worth it.
Just shows where the *current* Go teams priorities are. 

The Rust syntax is dense, but not difficult once you understand what is
going on. It reminds me of Perl so much it's uncanny. I chuckle a bit
that so many people are Rust lovers while at the same time hating on
Perl for its "read-only" complicated syntax. Rust syntax is *far more
dense* than Perl's for most applications.

Still I don't mind. God knows complicated syntaxes have never thwarted
me in the past. I have to say that the amount of *raw*, on-the-metal
power Rust provides with the promise and hope of a world full of *safe*
code is overwhelming, but I've been burned by languages making lofty
promises before. \*cough, Java\*

