## Monday, February 17, 2020, 8:33:31PM EST [1581989611]

JavaScript's `case` statement is so lame after using Go's for so long:

* No commas
* Forced `break`

```js

switch (card) { case 2: case 3: case 4: case 5: case 6: count++ break
case 7: case 8: case 9: // hold, no change break case 10: case 'J': case
'Q': case 'K': case 'A': count-- break }

```

```go

switch card { case 2,3,4,5,6: count++ case 7,8,9: case
10,'J','Q','K','A': count-- }

```

And yes that works in Go with `'J'` because it is interpreted as a rune
(sort of).

## Monday, February 17, 2020, 3:49:46PM EST [1581972586]

Imma keep the VODs around for seven days. Eventually they will be
subscriber only. I figure that gives everyone enough time to filter
through all the wild, random conversation to find what they want, if
that is worth it to them. Then I'll make the videos continuously as I
have been that are highlighted.

## Monday, February 17, 2020, 12:19:48PM EST [1581959988]

I've concluded that turning off the steam is much more effective for
focusing my life and producing the best possible output, both for the
stream and for my life. It let's me let go and be in the moment of Yoga,
eating, cleaning, doing administrative tasks. It causes me to look
forward to completing tasks to get to the point where I can stream and
focuses my mind when I am streaming. It's no stress that this conclusion
is just a form of another rather famous one.

Be present. Be true. Be learning.

## Monday, February 17, 2020, 10:23:43AM EST [1581953023]

I'm realizing that live streaming is really just "teaching by example"
as it's called in Sunday School. When you are doing pretty much
everything in front of others --- especially since they can replay it
--- you are giving them an opportunity to learn from your experience ---
including your mistakes --- as they happen. I think it also makes you
more relatable.

## Monday, February 17, 2020, 10:08:06AM EST [1581952086]

Rather than just ignore all the email for the week related to news. I
will go add them to WeeklyNews (perhaps even organized by week) and sort
of pre-filter them to reduce time when I do a news review on Saturday
morning. That seems like a happy medium between doing a more official
News segment like I tried, and just reading everything without never
opening at the end of the week. I *must* keep News under one hour.

Perhaps this will save me from the emotional rants that happen
spontaneously because I am reading things in real-time and not have time
to calm down and think about how to talk about it more rationally on
Saturday morning.

Discord responses, however, will be raw and my first time reading them.

In fact, thinking of things in terms of how they will streamed and
documented and shared as videos has really forced me to put some more
structure around my weekly workflow (and personal), which is a good
thing.

One of the things I need to better at is seriously focusing for a moment
or two, and then allowing myself to read the chat in order to get things
done. I'll be sure to have Q&A where I do nothing more than just read
the chat, but if I'm going to live-stream everything I have set some
boundaries or I *know* I'll get nothing done.

Overall streaming has made me much more productive and way more informed
both of which are key to meeting my goals of helping people learn what
they need to be current and *stay* current. I'm not talking about
chasing trends. I'm talking about improving the core ability to curate
effectively.

## Monday, February 17, 2020, 9:53:08AM EST [1581951188]

Did my first new and Discord chat review. It all went well and decided
to use iconography for each thumbnail to make it easy to sort.

Also tested Discord screen sharing and voice and there was no echo. So
I'm good for doing interviews, private sessions, and even multiple voice
participants on stream for topic podcast-y conversations. The sky is not
officially the limit. This means we can do any --- including
*everything* that I do in person. Theoretically I can hold ever single
one-on-one session that I already do IRL over Discord and/or Twitch.
This implies a lot:

* Members who miss because of sickness or distance can still have a
remote session.

* Remote sessions with more than one person can be attempted so long as
they are able to get their desktop to work in a combined. I think
there's a good multiple user streaming app for this, perhaps even
Discord.

I've about finalized my decision to "age out" those I help IRL with
those who are in need online, including possibly more than one person in
the group so that I can make sessions even more affordable and
attainable. Of course this is all tentative at this point and I don't
want to let anybody down by not fully testing the whole approach, but
I'm very hopeful.

The fact of the matter is that I'm meeting people on the stream who are
far more likely to benefit from what I have to offer than some of the
younger members here who can barely find time to code during the week
and are essentially just like kids taking piano lessons who don't
practice and show up for a lesson each week having made zero progress. I
don't have many of these, but I do have enough now that having them here
while knowing someone who is more motivated than them is unable to get
help annoys me enough to make a change.

In short, passing an application interview just a lot harder because the
waiting list just blew up with motivated people from all over the world.
Local people are now directly competing for my time with highly
motivated people around the globe.

So if you were born with a silver spoon in your mouth and you think
throwing extra money at me will ensure you sessions and time with me,
you will be surprised. That sounds so arrogant, but it's the truth. I
don't give a shit how much money you have. The only thing that matters
is how *driven* you are to learn and take ownership of your learning.
(God writing that last sentence felt good.)

## Monday, February 17, 2020, 9:52:36AM EST [1581951156]

I like tracking time in weeks. It's been good to get a sense of time
passing a bit better. 

