Final skilstak refunds all paid. My god the drama from a few isolated
people. I will *never* do this again (and now actively recommend
*against* private mentoring). No matter how much vetting I did, there is
always going to be this drama. Better to just prepare quality material
and put it online so that those who are not fucking lazy can actually
learn. Of those who left almost none of them have even checked into the
Beginner Boost. Thankfully, the overall majority of people I worked with
over the years went on to do amazing things and became solid autodidacts
I can be proud of. 

My favorite part was having this karen calling out my threat to post
what she is doing publicly as "cancel culture" as if making her actions
public would be somehow unethical. I love that the Internet has shown a
bright light on the shit that is *actually* happening and holding people
accountable for it. 

She didn't even realize that by threatening to sue over \$6 fucking
dollars of "interest" for a "personal loan" (even though she didn't read
the fucking policy I have in place that prevents any of that) that *she*
was the one threatening to dox all the personal and even private
communication I had with her son by adding it to the public record,
forever, just so fucking clueless and frankly pathetic. These are the
entitled, rich people that I will literally fight against until my final
breath. They are the reason for the decline of civilization and they are
utterly blind to it. This woman would have happily and clueless killed
every other person that I mentor just because she didn't believe in
Covid or keeping her kids from coming even when literally dripping snot
on my keyboards.

Long story short, I'm fucking done, with all of it. The spirit of
SkilStak remains, but I am really looking back now remembering all the
shit, and how it decimated my finances (I took a 40% loss on the early
retirement money I took out to start it) and I'm wondering if it was
worth it. Somehow I know it was and is. But it's time to share with more
than just a few entitled local people, time to reach people who are
across the world who need the help more than anyone to "change their
stars". Yeah, what a "liberal" idea that is. Good will prevail, and it
doesn't bitch about \$6 of "personal load" interest after the equivalent
of your son and daughter's piano/coding teacher says they have to make a
change and will need a little time to refund your \$280. Don't get mad,
Rob, get busy. There are far better people out there than this shithead.
Find them. Help them. Wherever they are. It's God's will.
