## Wednesday, February 19, 2020, 8:35:39PM EST [1582162539]

Imma make this blog work with just Bash and Pandoc for now. I'll come
back and do it right in Go later. After Bash is amazing for prototyping
and gluing things together (just like Perl used to be famous for doing).

## Wednesday, February 19, 2020, 7:13:00PM EST [1582157580]

There's something interesting happening with Arch, however. I keep
saying that you won't find it in the enterprise, but the enterprise is
changing. Work is decidedly moving to remote models, models where the
worker is responsible for their own IT, their own computer, their own
security and their own operating system. Could it be that saying Arch
isn't ready based on it not being "enterprise ready" be looking at the
wrong thing? 

I wonder if GitLab allows people to use Arch and connected to their VPN
to get work done. If so, that's all we need to know. In other words,
Arch could potentially already be "enterprise" simply because the
enterprise is composed of people working remotely use use whatever the
fuck they want. Whatever gets the job done the fastest.

I suppose this is particularly true for cybersecurity --- especially bug
bounty hunting. No one cares what Linux you're using if you can break
shit, and find broken shit.

Suffice it to say, this has be questioning my position on Arch, but as
long as the core Linux certifications and cybersecurity require core
knowledge of the less sexy distros I'll stick with having beginners
start with Mint. Mint is 100% stable. I've never had a problem with it.
Arch is *not* for beginners no matter how much they feel like they are
ready for it.

## Wednesday, February 19, 2020, 6:40:31PM EST [1582155631]

People who install Arch have the biggest backfire effect response of
anyone I talk to. They *refuse* to accept that Arch is a really bad
operating system for most everything in the professional world. I get
not wanting to use the equivalent of AIX on your personal system. But
the amount that people are completely unwilling to accept that putting a
more mainstream OS on their system is fundamentally better for them and
their learning is frankly hilarious. There's simply no convincing them,
until they come to the realization on their own when they ask, "Mr. Rob,
so how can I get a job?" or "How can I get certified the fastest?" Arch
is currently not in any enterprise IT shop on the planet and I'll pay
\$50 to the first person who finds one. It is certainly poised to make
the jump for many things, but has not yet. It isn't included in *any*
exam and people continually thing that Arch is similar enough to Debian
based systems to have their learning transfer. It doesn't, period. But
unfortunately so many are so set on getting what they falsely perceive
as the "cool" Linux that they shoot themselves in the foot and won't
listen to reason --- especially from some old, grey-bearded Mint user.
I'll enjoy the company of some of the worlds most intelligent
technologists knowing *they* understand even if no one else does.

## Wednesday, February 19, 2020, 6:36:24PM EST [1582155384]

Need to remember to bump up the cam resolution to 1920x1080. Forgot that
this last time around and the difference is pretty significant,
particularly for things like smoothing and saturation.

## Wednesday, February 19, 2020, 3:57:16PM EST [1582145836]

Need to convert the color changes I made in my person vimrc for Pandoc
into my `vim-pandoc-syntax-simple` plugin.

## Wednesday, February 19, 2020, 9:10:59AM EST [1582121459]

A few small things to remember about streaming:

* When setting up video toggle hotkeys don't turn them on through OBS.
Instead always use the hotkey so the toggle doesn't get out of sync
between scenes.

* Decided to change everything about the stream between streams and make
the notification the same as the title. That way no one wanders it
thinking we'll be coding when we are just chatting. I wanna be
respectful of people's time. 

* It looks like changing everything from IRC is possible, just not from
Hexchat. Need to look into that.

