## Saturday, August 15, 2020, 7:06:24AM EDT [1597489584]

I really like the approach of designing the Golang interfaces before
doing any of the concrete implementation. It is easy to think that its
just a hassle, but it is a good separation of mental concerns phase. 

1. "How am I going to use this thing and what do I need?"
1. "How can I implement it the best?"

This is the kind of thing thing that is simply not taught even in most
computer science departments.

## Saturday, August 15, 2020, 6:03:24AM EDT [1597485804]

Because of the COVID crisis new financial policies for all real-estate
have been adopted (according to someone representing the mortgage agency
with whom Doris spoke). He described the reason that even though I bring
in from \$70-\$124k over the last eight years have started and run a
successful mentoring business that we cannot even qualify for a \$150k
home loan despite the lowest mortgage rates in history and our average
credit. We can't even rent anything for over \$1000 a month. Why?

Apparently the new policies group the self-employed with the unemployed.
He described how this is likely to result in massive homelessness over
the next year. People are starting to be evicted en masse who can't pay.
In our case I have never once missed a rent payment and am having our
home for the last three years "liquidated" by the land lord despite the
good faith he expressed about our desire for long-term rental. We paid
for the first AC repair, we bought the fridge, and Doris has amazingly
transformed an flooding nightmare of a yard into garden that at least
one stranger has actually stopped and commented on because it is so
beautiful. She put at least \$2000 into that yard. We have always
expressed a desire to eventually buy. The landlord just doesn't care. I
won't judge his needs, but I can still fucking hate him anyway. He's too
cowardly to ever speak with us directly about anything.

So looks like there's only one option left. Move out far enough away
from *everything* that we can be accepted for a \$800/month apartment
--- even though I make way more than that. We'll have to put all of
Doris' art and most of our belongings into storage and live with nothing
but enough room to sleep, eat, and work on a computer or sketch pad.

Another thing that is clear is that I simply cannot ever get a mortgage
without going to work for someone else no matter how much I can prove I
have earned. I suppose I'll be okay. I am certainly employable even
though I've 52. My skills have never been sharper. I do have a lot of
portfolio cleanup and resume updating to do however.

It might sound strange, but I'm entirely calm. I've come to expect
massive surprises like this in my life. But someone things always work
out --- for the better. In this particular case, had I not moved to 100%
remote sessions and got them really working well, had this surprise came
even one year ago, I would be facing quite a bit of challenge because I
would likely be immediately unemployed. COVID might have changed the
lending policies, but it has made everyone much better with remote work
and no one does remote work better than me. I've been doing it since the
year 1998.

My biggest regret is that Doris' hopes and dreams have taken a *huge*
hit. There are lots of ways for her to do art and connect with the
community, but her studio is gone, for now. 

On the bright side we might finally actually get some kind of insurance
through an employer, because having your employer responsible for your
physical health and that of your family just makes so much sense.

"What's this? You want to leave us and work on your own perhaps as a
competitor? Good luck finding a doctor for you and your family."

It's straight-up illegal, a horrible conflict of interest. I'm sure
nothing will ever go wrong with *that* idea. 

I laugh because I'd cry otherwise. America is *so* completely fucked up.
So many people in America just need to fucking die so that young people
who have been screwed by them for the last 20 years can do something
about it. They are certainly fed up.

