## Friday, February 14, 2020, 9:19:46PM EST [1581733186]

I be coding on a Friday night, but only for a few super retro songs
while cleaning up this fork of the `vim-pandoc-syntax` plugin. So happy
to be free from that other maintainer. I have no ill will toward him,
just so fucking happy opensource allows me to steal it and do it my way.

## Friday, February 14, 2020, 8:40:36PM EST [1581730836]

Been playing with the Twitch rerun thing and ran into a forum of angry
people insisting that Twitch is "live" streaming, and that people
"scamming the system" with reruns need to be dealt with. I tend to
agree. My original motivation was to make it easier for people who
actually might not now how to get to the old videos, but honestly
everyone pretty much knows that. I have run into a few people who don't
even know that I have videos or a YouTube channel with the best, but
that is not really an issue that I can overcome other than inform them
about them on the live chat and remind them they are there.

In other news, I actually did a full highlight video edit session on the
live stream with *zero* problems with OBS. It was rather "meta" to use
the word of one person in chat. They were giving me real-time feedback
on clipping and editing the video while I was doing it, so weird and
wonderful.

Tonight I'll be turning the stream off for Valentine's Day.

Also, I'm not going to be leaving the stream on over night anymore. I'm
only going to live stream when I'm actually doing something even if it
is just drinking coffee and reviewing the news.

## Friday, February 14, 2020, 6:34:56PM EST [1581723296]

So the Internet won! Championed by Louis Rossmann the horde of IT people
[defeated](https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/ezwtsj/comptia_stops_lobbying_against_right_to_repair/)
the corrupt CompTIA that gave up it's lobbying *against* "right to
repair" (and pushing its obvious agenda of forcing everyone to buy their
certification products). It is like the real-world version of either
UEFI or Tivoization, take your pick.

## Friday, February 14, 2020, 6:18:57PM EST [1581722337]

I fucking *hate* Node. Sitting here watching this bloated piece of shit
install for five minutes making my system entirely subject to NPM Trojan
worm attacks, but still I have to have it for Browsersync. I *really*
need to port that entire codebase to Go. It's such a natural application
for it. Installs would be for a single, tiny executable instead of
pulling in all this Node shit.

## Friday, February 14, 2020, 3:36:04PM EST [1581712564]

As I've been cleaning and consolidating existing curriculum outlines
I've been conflicted about where to put it. Do I keep it on
[skilstak.io](https://skilstak.io) or do I move it to
[robs.io](https://robs.io). The answer is probably [SkilStak]{.spy} but
I sometimes wonder if that is going to reduce the appeal of it just
being me, which is exactly what skilstak is. People don't often realized
that skilstak.io is just my one-man company's web site. There's a
dilemma that exists between presenting substance through one's web site,
and misleading people to think it is more than it is. If I just had a
personal site up I don't know what the response would be versus
something that looks more formal. At the end of the day,
[SkilStak.io]{.spy} is just a place to store my education content. Yes,
it's a company, but the company is just me. I imagine that would be
clarification to the Twitch Live Coding team when the time comes to
apply. Perhaps that's enough to keep things authentic. I do put that on
the page.

However, I had been thinking of making [skilstak.io]{.spy} less
first-person and more suitable for using in a classroom setting since
that's one of my main goals.

I don't know why I obsess about this stuff so much. I think it's because
I want to document a good model that other potential one-person private
mentored community leaders might want to follow. If I can help them then
the obsession has been worth it. That's also the reason I so obsessively
writing everything down. My memory is horrible and someday I want to
capture this experience and insight --- including the trivial stuff ---
is some kind of guidebook. The more people who choose to mentor and the
more people who are helped by mentoring the better we all become and
more broken traditional models will fall. In other words, this is how I
do battle against a broken system.

One thing is for sure, [robs.io](https://robs.io) will be where all of
this sort of personal pontifications goes, including the
not-so-infrequent f-bomb. That will already SkilStak better.

I suppose that means SkilStak *will* become a second-person knowledge
base with not references to specific author things. When I a callout
(those things in different colored boxes) I'll be sure to include the
name related to it. That way I can include anecdotes and such from other
others, like William Shotts.

The hard part of all this is that *all* of the material on
[skilstak.io]{.spy} will therefore need to be re-written. But frankly it
needed that anyway. Tech content is *rarely* done. It's constantly in a
fluid state. So I really need to do is revised and update the content,
decide if it still belongs, and change the voice. Then I can the search
engine and index page back on. (Currently they are off so people don't
find all of it, hundreds of README modules.) 

I won't lie. The amount of work is overwhelming when considering how
much time I already spend in real-life mentoring sessions and now with
streaming, and the coding required to make the tools, well, let's just
say, I don't have time for Witcher. ;) I will say this though, it's far
more rewarding now that the stream is with me. The feedback and
appreciation is very motivating to the point of obliterating any
addictive desire to play through Witcher just one more time.

I does mean, however, that a lot of the reading I have queued up to do
will either have to wait, or be something I stream while I do it. I
suppose streaming the reading isn't bad. I certainly won't be polished,
but that will help me put structure around the stuff that needs a more
formal video created.

## Friday, February 14, 2020, 12:04:36PM EST [1581699876]

Just saw the news notifications come in for the day and it got me to
thinking that maybe the best way to cover news is just to talk out loud
about it as I read it every day, which is something I always do. Let's
be real, I've never going to actually get to the "News" video that I
want to do for the week. Why not just read the news and drink coffee
with the stream?

Well for one, it means really letting the stream see all my email. But
how bad is that? There's really no one being doxed in my email. So I
don't think that's enough reason not to do it. 

Humm, but what about the parents of people who come? Their emails are
not exposed unless I open them. But everyone can see their first names.
In past everyone has been okay with people their first names, which
incidentally means showing my reservation calendar is also not doxing
anyone.

I suppose the question is should I wait for subscriber only streams do
to all of this. That would certainly be safer. I think that really is
the answer. I mean, I don't want to be exclusionary, but having only
subscribers at some level able to just chat and do news and stuff is
probably worth it. It doesn't stop people from participating in the IRC
(which is another great reason everyone should be using IRC). But it
does allow me to limit the video and audio stream to just subscribers. I
think there's a subscriber tier thing so perhaps just the lowest could
get people access to absolutely random me as well as some value in
analyzing the news of the day immediately rather than waiting.

One thing's for sure. I'm just not going to polish up a news video like
*Weekly Weird News*. I just don't have the time. That is their full-time
job.

## Friday, February 14, 2020, 9:21:55AM EST [1581690115]

Streaming has got me reviewing all my written content and curriculum
(again) and adjusting based on new priorities and focus. I suppose this
is no different from any other time over the last six to seven years
doing this. In fact, everyone really should reevaluate what their doing,
why their doing it, and how to get better pretty regularly. I imagine
those who don't find life rather challenging. Somewhat ironically this
is how you get --- and keep an occupation. The word occupation is so
much better than job or even career but it still has something of a
negative connotation. It's not occupying your time, it's about find the
thing that will make time fly by and making every decision in the
pursuit of that. Yes, it's about bliss, but it's also about focus. And
it seems focus is in short supply these days.

So what *is* my focus? It goes without saying that my focus is on my
health and family. There's never a need to really say that. In fact,
those who are most likely to put stuff like that in their title and
comments and Twitter descriptions are usually most likely to *not* focus
on those things. It's like a need a reminder or are afraid that if they
don't spell it out people won't know, when in fact these things are
obvious and need no calling out. People forget those thing are for
communicating to potential followers what they might want to learn or
read about you. And usually it isn't about your religion, family, or
nationalism.

Anyway, where was I?

So what's my focus, at least now that I'm streaming? And how should it
change, if at all?

First, I've concluded that producing videos and live-streaming are the
biggest changes because they are immediate and reach more people
potentially. So I've decided start live streaming everything. People can
filter out what they so long as I describe well what I'm doing and when
at any moment. So might actually want to write or read these blogs with
me, others might just want to tune in to watch me struggle through
learning Rust for the first time, some come for the community more than
me even. My stream just happens to be a hip place to hang out. There's
something very real that only partially understand about what makes this
sense of place a thing. But it definitely *is* a thing. 

Humans are complex. I feel like too often I have understand why they do
what they do, but really I just accept it and act on it. So, making
myself available on the stream, putting myself out there (as some have
asked) is really the first step. That only alone is scary enough because
I'm bound to make stupid mistakes that everyone can see. Maybe that's
the attraction. People wanna see humans being human. I wonder if that is
related to why sitcoms of horrible family or "reality" shows do so well.
Either we want to feel better than the imaginary family or want to feel
like we belong. This is why I've known so many people, some shut ins,
who buy stuff from QVC. They obsessively watch hours of QVC craving some
sort of artificial connection. But stream is a *real* connection. It
might not be in person, but it's real.

I think I've just discovered a new thing. Drinking coffee off camera
with just a mic and some nice music while processing all the new info
from the night (I always wake with ideas) and getting myself moving and
prepared for more during the day. Who knows I might actually manage to
get a schedule again, but I refuse to write it down. Having someone else
read and expect a schedule is very risky. No, I'll just be better about
making sure notifications that Twitch sends are accurate. After all,
some people use their phones for this stuff and might even be woken up
the email notification sounding off and some early hour.

This blogging and talking thing is also a thing. I was concerned I was
going to lose blogging and writing, but why not combine the two. Being
able to take live questions and life at real-time commentary makes this
streaming thing *so* much more powerful than Twitter (although Twitter
has it's place for broadcasting and finding new people you *want* to
know). Someone once told me, "Facebook is for staying connected to the
people you've known. Twitter is for finding and connecting with the
people you *want* to know." (It was something like that.)

So what to do about the change in focus. It has definitely already
affected my priorities for the better, but how?

It's probably a good thing to thing to separate creation of videos
(Twitch highlights) from live-streaming. In many ways they are very
different and serve different purposes.

Videos are equivalent to what I've been calling README modules or
articles. In fact, I plan on embedding every video into a specific
written module. The video will eventually be secondary to the written
content, but the video will come first. 

One of the things that's really slowed me down has editing all the
modules for the different topics and skills I need to cover. So I'll do
the video first and eventually get to writing it up. I have hundreds of
videos to do, if not thousands, all very small, all covering very
specific topics or steps, some are going to be particularly hard to
capture on video, which is why a *good* capture card is so essential.
For example, creating any video that has to do with booting something,
installing Linux, working with a Raspberry Pi. A capture card covers all
this.

It's becoming clear that moving to a remote subscriber model for the
mentoring I'm doing probably is the right way to go because I can reach
and help more people. After I wouldn't be doing this if my goal wasn't
to help people. I've blogged before about why subscriber education seems
best as opposed to Udemy videos where you don't get the community along
with the videos. I don't understand why people don't realize that one
greatest attractions of *any* educational community *is* the community.
For example, people remember their college friends. They make
connections learning together. Few things are more satisfying. If the
goal of life is love and learning then the community is the most
important part. Udemy and other such videos create an artificial sense
of community but not an *actual* community. Subscriber streams ---
specifically on platforms like Twitch which use IRC --- are
fundamentally built on community. That is the building block that so
many other online learning platforms are missing --- including
FreeCodeCamp that claims to promote it but fails to facilitate it nearly
as well as Twitch does. 

Once again, gaming leads to mainstream gains. It's the "Disneyland
Affect" all over again, which reminds me I really need to write that up
more formally. I did find my old, deleted Mo Hax blog the other day. I
might resurrect some of my best articles written for that. After all
thousands participated in the comments there. I wonder how I would copy
over the comments there. The topics were surprisingly relevant to my
conclusions about Twitch streaming including --- above all --- the
importance of fun and community both of which promote the creation of
dopamine in the brain which is proven to promote learning retention.
This is why gamified learning is such a powerful thing. It's why we
learn to play games so quickly even when the interactive tutorials are
horrible.

Well that's a lot for this morning.

1. Continue live streaming *everything* (well not *everything*).
1. Prepare specific videos to go with material.
1. Don't get bogged down by perfection.
1. Prioritize what people need most.
1. Create specific paths through the content.

That does make we wonder if eventually streaming Mr. Rob doing Yoga
might be strangely interesting to some people, which also reminds me
that I need to figure out what is better: run a different stream, or
change the category and make sure the notifications are clear about the
stream. So for example, yoga, I would change the category temporarily.
Perhaps when playing a game as well. I need to figure out the protocol
and expectation for that.

