## Tuesday, November 24, 2020, 8:12:32PM EST <1606266752>

Over coffee with my family here I arrived at something of a discovery
about what I actually believe. I believe in *not* knowing anything for
sure. Absolute surety produces the worst evils humanity has ever known.

The Scientology documentary is bringing home, once again, the objective
fact that the more people *know* things the worse they behave. My
religion isn't cynicism, it's "faith, but without a sure knowledge."

Here are just a few examples:

* Scientologists *know* they are reincarnated Thetans, therefore,
  children should be treated like adults.

* Some Hindus believe in reincarnation so absolutely that mothers have
  been caught murdering their children to "move them on to their next
  life". It's even mythologized.

* Christians obliterated millions during the crusades because they were
  sure Jews and Muslims were spawn of Satan. The Bible is full of
  accounts of killing "every man, woman, and child" to "purify" whatever
  promised land is the target.

* Scientists in the 50s were absolutely positive that certain people had
  to be sterilized to protect the gene-pool of the human race.

* Millions suffered and died at the hands of millions of others who
  *knew without any doubt* that Black people were just animals.

* Evangelicals commit atrocities because they know all they need is
  "God's grace" for forgiveness for *anything*. Trump becomes a
  manifestation of God's miracles on Earth since --- they believe ---
  "Jesus can work through such imperfect sinners" turning a vile
  autocrat into a warped, pussy-grabbing, whore-fucking, drugged mafioso
  manifestation of "God's goodness, grace, and power". There are no
  present consequences, only declaring "he is saved through the blood
  of Christ" and that is all that matters, to them.

* Muslims *knew* America was the devil as they prayed calmly flying
  airplanes into the twin towers. 

* I *knew* that homosexuality was a choice and not a product of natural
  human physiology just like those who tortured others under the banner
  of that same "truth" that led to shock-treatment and worse. (But I,
  and Obama, and Hilary, all changed our minds when we had more facts.)

* In [The Invention of Lying](https://duck.com/lite?kd=-1&kp=-1&q=The Invention of Lying) the main character's friends came to
  *know* that they had a "mansion in Heaven" and so quit their jobs on
  Earth to wait it out.

* Mormons *know* that salvation can only come to the dead if they spend
  thousands of hours being baptised "by proxy" for them (even if they
  are Holocaust victims).

* Mormon men hacked women and children to death in Mountain Meadows
  because the *knew* they were receiving direction from "the Lord"
  through their ecclesiastical leaders.

Here's the thing. You can be confident that something *is probably true*
and let it guide your decisions and life, but the doubt, the possibility
of being wrong, never certifying that *something is absolute*, preserves
you from sociopathic lunacy, no matter what your perceived reality. 

"What if this is it? What if this is the *only* time to spend with my
children, ever? I make every moment count as best I can."

"What if, maybe, just maybe, we *aren't* reincarnated even though I
believe strongly that it makes the most sense? Maybe I *shouldn't* kill
these infants just on the possibility along."

And so on.

This is really just the idea of "strong opinions, weakly held" on a
macro scale. It's the healthy amount of doubt that keeps us respectful of one another no
matter what, as horribly difficult as that is sometimes. It is also the
basis for the best epistemological tool we have: the scientific method.

Here's why: I refuse to believe the Earth is flat. There is just too
much objective evidence to the contrary. But there is also substantial
statistical probability that what we perceive as the Earth isn't even
real, in the sense of real that we use now. "What *is* real?" as
Morpheus asks. I am pretty damn sure that the Earth --- at least in our
present simulation running in someone's computer --- *is* round. Why is
it any crazier to say that "we live in a simulation" versus "we live on
a flat Earth"? It's crazier because of how we perceive and quantify
reality through the scientific method, which fundamentally depends on
observation and *never* no *not ever* says anything is absolutely,
positively true. The definition of a Law in science is that there is
overwhelming evidence of it, but not that it couldn't possibly, one day,
be overturned and proved different from what we thing. *Everything* is
up for questioning in science and that *is not demonized.* Asking "why?"
will get you promoted and advanced, not kicked out and given detention.

Bottom line: every time something *seriously* evil on a massive scale
has happened it was almost always accompanied with "true" testimony and
conviction for which people would fucking die, or worse, kill others.
Therefore, dogmatic surety about *anything* is not just dangerous, but
the source of the worst evils humanity has ever known.

## Tuesday, November 24, 2020, 7:17:50AM EST <1606220270>

While working on a [simple command prompt
module](https://gitlab.com/rwxrob/prompt) for the collection of best
practices for reading from the command line (I used to use `Scanner`
which is clearly unnecessary) I ran across
[`go-prompt`](https://github.com/c-bata/go-prompt) which is used by some
of the big Go applications like Kubernetes. It looks to have command
history support as well. Definitely worth a look if that support is
cross-platform.

After playing around with it a bit (specifically `http-request`) it
looks to me more of a REPL creator than a simple command-line prompt
utility, although maybe it has that as well and I just didn't find it,
either way it is *way* too heavy for 90% of the applications I create. 

