## Monday, September 14, 2020, 6:24:13PM EDT <1600122253>

I am back to stuffing all my notes and rants into a single file per
year. It's just easier all around: makes searching a breeze even without
JavaScript enabled, flows well for those reading it, and will be valid
for a good year without breaking incoming links. After a year I kinda
want to break any incoming links since they are likely way out of date. 

As for scrolling and user performance? It's just a bunch of text so it
should be fine plus it makes me more aware when I write too much that
belongs either in a video or separate article.

## Monday, September 14, 2020, 6:07:50PM EDT <1600121270>

You'd think I would pay more attention to the quality of this site.
Mostly its just a place to brain dump and take notes. I certainly don't
consider it a shining example of my web development prowess. I can't
even show my good stuff because it was all behind Nike and IBM closed
corporate doors, which reminds me.

Yesterday a very experienced peer on Twitch was sharing how much of his
best work will never be seen by anyone. We all got to talking about it
and eventually concluded that those who judge talent by their
GitHub/GitLab profiles are actually pretty damn foolish, like Google for
example. We had some people contacted by Google solely for their
activity on GitHub. 

How fucking stupid is that? 

Any rational recruiter of talent would understand the obvious reality
that the best candidates either cannot or do not post their best work
publicly.

Once again a main-stream belief is obliterated with objectivity and
experience. Sure it is good to clean up your profile and have a
good-to-gig public persona, which I am intent on cleaning up now that
I'm seeking consulting work. But my God, you have to be dumb as a stump
to think that "the best people always have a GitHub profile." It really
just shows how clueless and desperate you are as a company and
recruiter. I'm ashamed I have put so much emphasis on it myself when
mentoring others.

I shared an experience where a very senior executive shared with me in
confidence that they are paying top dollar to some top-secret
machine-learning-driven recruiting filter service that mines the "top
talent" through some sort of complicated heuristic involving just
GitHub. I'm starting to think the reason it was so top-secret is because
if the company name made it out into the public they would be laughed
out of the industry, along with those stupid enough to pay them the
exorbitant amounts they demand.

Nothing will ever beat a personal connection and work evaluation. Git
services are just one part of that.

## Monday, September 14, 2020, 4:41:56PM EDT <1600116116>

I'm again reminded how superior a simple, multi-user cloud Linux machine
from Digital Ocean is to REPL.it. Once again we had several problems
getting REPL.it to work with any degree of stability. Instead, I'm able
to promote terminal usage and `ssh` skills while sharing a terminal
using `tmux` with those I'm pair programming with and mentoring. Why the
fuck do people have to always overcomplicated things that were never
needed in the first place?

