## Wednesday, October 28, 2020, 4:38:51PM EDT <1603917531>

As much as I would very much love to work for the *right* company doing
DevOps work, or Go programming, or cybersecurity engineering I really
feel internally motivated and supported by my live stream community to
figure out a solid way to finance the continuation of the very important
projects and works I am currently doing including building needed
applications, writing essentials books, making specific instructional
videos, and live-streaming all of it for others to participate in.

I know there is definitely a way to raise enough money from it all for
my wife and I to live normally with health insurance and a home with a
mortgage --- especially since I'm already able to comfortably live with
just 25 private mentored community members. But I need to take it up a
notch (basically at least `$20k` more per year) to be able to afford
health insurance in America and have even a small amount of savings in
case of emergencies (as we age).

I found this [excellent
breakdown](https://www.thebalancesmb.com/best-crowdfunding-sites-4580494)
of crowdfunding sites. I have a Patreon, but I clearly need to spend
some time with it. All this time managing the "business" of it all gets
really tedious because it takes away from the actual work, but I realize
it is needed.

I think each of the following types of efforts need a different
crowdfunding approach:

* Working on specific open source projects
* Writing specific "books" (with accompanying living knowledge base)
* Creating specific instructional videos on YouTube
* Live streaming whatever I'm doing
* Just being seriously dedicated to social change and living off the
  minimum required to maintain a modest house, insurance, and services
  for my family.

The reality is that I have to complain about all the other dumb shit
that gets funded but --- honestly  --- I haven't even been asking for
funding or preparing a way for the "angels" out there to find me. I can
be gruff, even annoying, and people will still fund many of these
efforts if I just give them the opportunity. If nothing more, Linus
Torvalds has proven that.

## Wednesday, October 28, 2020, 3:42:27PM EDT <1603914147>

I practically just need to cut and paste this every time some dumb ass
says, "Joe Biden is compromised":

> Flaccid. You have zero evidence for that while a mountain of documented evidence and sworn testimony from some of America's greatest FBI and military veterans and Trump's own turned inner circle have testified that Trump is *overwhelmingly* compromised enough to be impeached. 

## Wednesday, October 28, 2020, 1:15:58PM EDT <1603905358>

Found this great little daemon written in Go for displaying message
notifications with `tmux display-message` (which I did not know existed
until today). There are *so* many integration possibilities with `tmux`.
Once upon a time I bemoaned this flexibility as being bloat and
unnecessary, but now that I can integrate so easily and fully with
everything else --- making things terminal enabled --- I cannot praise
it enough. Using this I can add notifications when people join the chat
from Restream API, reminders to myself instead of flashing the entire
screen, and so much more.

## Wednesday, October 28, 2020, 11:25:40AM EDT <1603898740>

Lately I've been participating (poorly) in Twitter dialog, which is
practically an oxymoron. You just cannot dialog over Twitter, yet for
some fucking reason the entire world has decided to use it for some of
the most important intercommunication of our time. The creator of
Twitter (among others) is appearing before the senate to "answer" for
what Twitter has done to our world, but it really isn't Twitter's fault.
Twitter does not decide what information we see. We do. We create our
own echo chambers, unless we don't.

All this has really lit a fire under me to at least attempt to create
another way of communicating that might help us survive disagreement.
The problem is greed and popularity. People are drawn to things that
they don't have to pay for (and therefore come the product, not the
consumer). But they also want to be liked. Some demented form of the
need to be social causes us to want those retweets and likes. So rather
than take the time to become a content creator we tap out 140 characters
as creatively as we can hoping to get the likes. Plus humans are stupid.
Many can't even read, let alone *really* type. Martin Luther (senior)
knew this when he created all those pictures using the printing press
to influence the masses rather than words.

