## Tuesday, December 15, 2020, 4:28:20PM EST <1608067700>

The more I work on this `protoresume` project, the more I realize it
isn't really solving the main problem I have. It might assist with the
creation of a resume, but that is a very infrequent thing. What I
*really* want is a domain model for my life and work, a *LifeDB* (for
lack of a better term).

At first it seems a little overblown in scope and even silly, but think
about it, it's no different than playing an RPG video game where you
have a life with stats and achievements and skills trees and such. It's
just *real*. In fact, doesn't it seem a bit ironic that we have these
complex systems for role-playing and other games but we have *nothing*
similar in ease of use despite the complexity for our *actual* lives?
The more I think about it, the more pissed off I get. Because there is
money to be had in creating such systems for gaming they exist. But
because there is no money in creating similar systems for personal life
tracking and management they don't exist in real life. Until now...

I'm seriously motivated to build this. It actually connects all of the
other systems I have been focused on for the last seven years. Mim, the
Knowledge Net, is focused on individual knowledge capture and
management, including personalized searching and following other
specific individuals. Mimark is the simplified Pandoc Markdown for
writing everything. PEGN is the tool for creating Mimark and other
grammars enabling natural language search queries and interactions. The
`cmdtab` package enables tab completion and readable commands. The
`gits` project integrates the Git-services as main storage mechanisms
for the whole thing. In fact, more of my life as been developed to
creating this system, I just didn't realize it at the time.

Since Mim was the name I choose for the Knowledge Net I think it might
be the best central entry point to the entire system. The `mim` command
would become second nature to everyone and executed frequently
throughout the day. This makes the *Mim Framework* more of a thing than
just the knowledge net part of it. I can use microservices architecture
using gRPC to implement the entire thing in a completely modular way. At
it's core, Mim will be about the individual and completely
decentralized. It will place all the power of the world's most advanced
technologies in the hands of the *individual* instead of the fucking
corporate interests who employ the same techniques to destroy our civil
liberties, privacy, and economy. 

The `Mim` project would have one very unofficial goal: destroy Google,
Facebook, Linkedin (any any other ad-driven organization) by making them
utterly irrelevant, by promoting and pumping up the more effective use
of trust and word-of-mouth networking. It's certainly a lofty goal, but
if I don't at least try I just won't be able to rest, for Aaron. It will
be even sweeter if we employ Google's own tactics and technologies
against it.

The most important element of the entire Mim framework will be the *life
data model*, a schema that captures the life and work of a human being.
It makes me giggle a bit that I'm seeking to capture something of such
immense scope, but it doesn't have to be any more complicated than a CV,
or most resumes, or most RPG character profiles. Like I said, if they
can do this for video games then why not for *actual* humans. 

This all makes me think the title should be *Overengineer Your Life with
Mim*.

