## Saturday, October 10, 2020, 1:13:54PM EDT <1602350034>

This is a person blog, right? I keep forgetting sometimes that it is
literally everything I might want to write about, not just tech. 

Today as we wind up the move I can't help but realize how fortunate I am
for having met Doris. Every once in a while life throws you something
that you simply cannot explain away. Having her in my life and the way
we met was one of those things. 

Doris is right. I probably should start some sort of book with short
stories in it. But some stories are a bit to sad to remember. Such a
book wouldn't be worth shit unless I forced myself to include *all* the
stories. Including the ones that pushed my sons 3000 miles away and out
of reach robbing me of the chance to watch them grown through their teen
years. 

I suppose this apartment I am in now is bringing all of this up.
It is literally the exact layout of the one we all lived in when we
first moved to North Carolina. I regularly have vivid memories I forgot
I had as I turn a corner, open a door, and other subtle things I did
daily while here.

I've never been an evil person. But lately I've been reminded of all the
times I didn't live up to my own expectations of myself --- particularly
as it relates to my sons. (I only have sons, btw. Guess I wasn't allowed
to have any daughters.) Dwelling on the past is an exercise in futility
unless it informs and motivates my future, that I understand. Still,
it's hard to ignore when all I see is images of my sons video-taping
lip-syncs of Numa-Numa here in these hallways. 

One thing is for sure, however, I *was* a good dad when the circumstance
allowed me to be. I *was* there. The games we invented together. The
insane fun we had with rubber-band wars, D&D night, making videos,
forcing everyone to run at 4pm during the Summer, driving them to school
on my motorcycle, giving them long walks on my shoulders watching the
Arizona sunsets, finding and hiding geo-caches, paddle-boarding,
sledding, and playing TF2 on Halloween. Those memories will never fade.
Those facts will always testify that I enjoyed being a young father and
that I was pretty damn good at it. 

After all, my love for my boys was the *only* thing that carried me
through all of the doubt, confusion, and depression about my marriage
and being raised in that fucking Mormon cult. Things might not be
perfect now, but those boys literally kept me alive through it all.

