## Thursday, March 4, 2021, 7:48:21PM EST <1614905301>

Found the [Rob Pike interview] about Go being the language of the Cloud
and why it became such.

[Rob Pike interview]: https://evrone.com/rob-pike-interview

## Thursday, March 4, 2021, 5:28:12PM EST <1614896892>

[Portable Execution Format][pef]

[pef]: https://justine.lol/ape.html

## Thursday, March 4, 2021, 4:23:30PM EST <1614893010>

Here's the actual beginner rotation I've been following:

1. Add something on their web site
1. Code one or more [challenges] in Dash/Bash/Perl/Go/C 
1. Repeat

Note that all of this is done from the terminal, so there is some ramp
up to even get them able to rotate though this weekly work schedule.

Note also that I regularly work something else in, such as installing
and setting up a Minecraft server or a Phaser3 game to keep it relevant
and interesting.

I do feel like I could add more operations stuff, perhaps Docker and/or
Kubernetes as they advance, both of which have application to both
software development and operations. Hence, "DevOps" (which reminds me
the best cert for me to pursue is CKAD which spans this gap).

[challenges]: https://rwx.gg/lang/cha

## Thursday, March 4, 2021, 4:16:42PM EST <1614892602>

I've discovered (again) that rotating challenges with core skills
required every week is the best for solidifying --- and maintaining ---
beginner mastery. One thing that was clear in the first years of
SkilStak when I had Web (Apps) separated from Linux/Python (Ops) was
that people would leave for different reasons (aging out, interest,
etc.) and not have a wider base that I would have liked. After all, the
mission of SkilStak for this type of person is to give them a solid
foundation in things that are useful for *all* tech careers.

One specific example was how the Web people started to use VSCode and
completely lost their terminal skills even though they still needed a
terminal to push and use `git` properly and to use `browser-sync` for
the best local previewing. That can never happen again. Frankly, it has
not been an issue since returning to `skilstak.sh` for *everything*
(just like the first day).

There's something about learning to code on a terminal that promotes a
more solid retention and cross-mastery of other tech skills. I can't put
my finger directly on why. Perhaps it is because just editing from the
terminal is something both operations engineers and developers can
seriously benefit from. As one community member (@tehego), "the terminal
is a common structure." I'd add that once a terminal user realizes how
much coding allows them to customize their terminal to their liking they
seen the importance of both at the same time. It might not be for
everyone, but anyone can benefit.

## Thursday, March 4, 2021, 4:06:23PM EST <1614891983>

Just realized that Skype let's me change the profile name of the people
in my list so that I don't have to dox last names even if they have them
in their own profiles.

## Thursday, March 4, 2021, 3:28:05PM EST <1614889685>

Always make a clean stream separation between mentoring and day-time
work.

