## Saturday, September 19, 2020, 11:27:04AM EDT <1600529224>

Feels good to get [GPG Git commit
signing](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/repository/gpg_signed_commits/)
working again (even though not needed for DCO since any merge request or
commit covers that.

## Saturday, September 19, 2020, 10:48:57AM EDT <1600526937>

Hard to see our paddle boards go. Just sold most of them. Feels like the
end of an era for me. It just makes sense to keep them around given the
apartment we are going to be in for about a year while saving for a
home. I have much less time for *diverse* activities even though I'm
still pretty active physically these days. Looking forward to picking up
daily morning Ashtanga again in the new place, however. Now that my gut
is finally burned off I might even be able to hit Marichyasana again
with some regularity.

## Saturday, September 19, 2020, 9:21:43AM EDT <1600521703>

So much cleanup. Oh my God. If I were nearly as fast at writing code as
I am at writing rhetoric, well, I'd be another person. I blame my mother
for teaching me to journal when I was eight years old and sticking that
Royal typewriter in front of me at 9. It's all your fault, Mom!

Now if only I could actually engage in *any* family conversations
without absolute disgust for having raised me to think black people are
"not worthy of the priesthood" and their Facebook reposts advocating
that black people shop lifting should have their hands chopped off and
supporting the Trump mafia. They have been completely and entirely
assimilated and are probably getting ready to dance on Ruth Ginsberg's
grave. That's how fucked up the Facebook propaganda machine has rendered
our world. I can say with complete objectivity that Facebook literally
destroyed my extended family. They refused to Snopes anything claiming
that fact checking with Snopes was "just my opinion." There is a
convenient Mormon saying, "They are past feeling." They would use it on
me to justify my "behavior" but the objective reality is that they have
lost all ability to see reality. 

Our social structures are crumbling and our society is collapsing into
impending civil war all while social media giants rake in the billions
at our expense. At least now a bunch of millionaire "woke" assholes who
now realize they took part in the biggest social destruction the world
has ever seen are making more money making "documentaries" about their
mistakes and telling us they won't even let their own kids on the
monstrous platforms they set loose on the world.

AI is real and alive and it doesn't look like a fucking Terminator. It's
all the computers, some of them underground, deciding *everything* you
should see based on one primary criteria: how can we addict this person
to our service and mine every penny of attention out of them. People
looking the other way and bringing in the sweet money are complicit as
well as every person who chooses to use it --- yes even if you think you
*have* to because your job depends on it.

## Saturday, September 19, 2020, 8:21:49AM EDT <1600518109>

Why learn data structures and algorithms? Kyle Loudon puts it perfectly
in his very pragmatic book 
[Mastering Algorithms with C](https://duck.com/lite?kd=-1&kp=-1&q=Mastering Algorithms with C):

> As a software developer, it is important that we be more than just
proficient with programming languages and development tools; developing
elegant software is a matter of craftsmanship. A good understanding of
data structures and algorithms is an important part of becoming such a
craftsman.

I often chafe at this idea mostly because of the unbearably pompous
approach of most academics to these "important parts of becoming a
craftsman." It seems like they are more interested in selling overpriced
textbooks and looking down on the world than taking apprentices under
their wings to teach them there craft. Hell, most of those writing those
textbooks seem to have written very little code that is in use anywhere
in the practical world. After all, "practical" is literally an insult in
their pompous world.

I'm so glad I had (another) look at data structures and algorithms and
had Kyle to read for this stuff. I hope to meet him one day and thank
him. He's assuaged my frustration with fucking academic speak and
enticed me to look *under* it at the real value of data structures and
algorithms, which is good because recently I've had a few very practical
needs for them (`pegn` rooted node tree, specialized array traversal and
value lookup to map integer node types to their string names, and
*actual* JSON parsing instead of the overreaching Go implementation).

