## Saturday, February 8, 2020, 6:01:39PM

Need to keep status line it it's own file so that the schedule and plan
stuff can remain unaltered, like another record in a database. Kinda
makes me rethink `.plan` and `.project` and want to just use them since
they have been around forever.

## Saturday, February 8, 2020, 4:18:19PM

It's been a while since I've used IRC (I'm very sorry to say) but since
Twitch uses it for everything it has sparked the interest to get into it
again and help others understand it.

Something I've noticed is that Linux Mint comes with Hexchat
preinstalled with server called SpotChat and `#linuxmint-help` standard.
This is where the Mint team has decided to do their main support. I
really need to hit it harder because people can get immediate answers to
their questions there. This means IRC is very much the core tool I've
known it to be when I added it to [PTP](https://skilstak.io/ptp). Twitch
has just accelerated the need to cover it.

## Saturday, February 8, 2020, 2:30:54PM

So many things running through my head today related to the blogging
thing. One decision was what time period to divide into. I've thought
(and blogged) about this before. I've settled on blogging by week and
using the week number of the year (52 maximum) as a measure instead of
months and days. The URL is much smaller and frankly no one ever types
in one of those monstrously long blog URLs. Being able to give a
succinct URL trumps all of that. For example, this is the first post in
a blog with the new format that people can find with nothing more than
<https://robs.io/2020w05>. That is the shortest blog URL I have ever
seen.

There's really no need to but `blog` in the URL. It's obvious. Plus the
entire appeal of README Repos is that they are personalized to begin
with. Anything starting with a format like that can easily be assumed to
be a collection of blog posts for that week. The URLs (which are README
module IDs) will never conflict with an actual module name. But --- most
of all --- the URLs are *short* and always will be.

Another great side effect of using week numbers is I really get a sense
of time progression using them, much more than months. I can recall that
things were some number of weeks ago and suggest others go back and look
at when they were. "That's in week 3 or 4 I think," is the type of thing
I could share.

I've decided not to put any kind of heading in the blogs as well so that
the most recent stuff is always on the top, no introductory paragraph to
read or title to scroll past. The title can still be specified, of
course, in the YAML front-matter as with any Pandoc document.
