## Sunday, November 8, 2020, 2:57:06PM EST <1604865426>

Another day of the new normal. People are being directly attacked for
suggesting that we should keep cool but firm with Trump and the
Republicans who refuse to accept defeat. We need to prosecute and
rhetorically attack this bullshit with evidence, passion, and as much
vigor as we can muster, but there is a line, and people are
*overwhelmingly* proving they are willing to cross it. Certainly, I've
been no better. The moment catches you. It causes thousands to throw
their careful attention to not spreading Covid OUT THE FUCKING WINDOW
and do whatever the fuck they want, so long as they wear a mask. You
cannot say, "but they are wearing masks" because some aren't and some
Trump supporters also did. I understand *why* they are doing it. But the
hypocrisy is fucking overwhelming. Worst of all it plays into the
rhetoric from Trump's people that we are all talk and do whatever we
want when we start winning.

I can't even mention these thoughts publicly right now. I have been
effectively and completely silenced. The new mob majority has decided
that I no longer have a right to say, "Hey guys, I agree but ..." They
are steam-rolling everyone just like the Right has predicted. Even
mentioning it and I get shouted down for being a white man. I'm not
suggesting I sympathize with *any* white nationalism. And I hear the
voice in my head that I imagine they are saying, "Shut the fuck up, now
is not your time. I'm speaking." And even writing this means that
someone out there is going to say, "Oh boo hoo for the privileged white
tech bro. How does it fucking feel? Huhn?" even though anyone who
*actually* knows me could vouch for who I *really* am. "You've grown up
as a white man. You have *no fucking idea* what it is like to be a
*<insert oppressed class here>*!" I *KNOW* I don't! I get that "maturity
requires knowing when to speak" as one person said. I get it. But that
is just another way of saying, "Shut the fuck up right now, we are
speaking." 

Creating a dialog based based on "trust and love" (Friere) through all
of this is literally impossible because apparently there is a free-pass
to anyone who needs to vent right now, to say just about anything. Even
George Takai is sympathizing with people who call for forgiveness on
Twitter because of their premeditated plan to spew personal attacks and
insults on every member of Trump's "team" that is leaving. It really
feels a bit like (hopefully only a rhetorical) a moment of "Let's spit
on their head as it rolls into the basket." Honestly, I can't
understand all my emotions right now, but I find myself even more
disgusted with humanity, and not full of hope as I once was after Trump
lost.

I have felt that way myself. I've acted on that. I've written horrible
things about people I felt deserved it. I suck. I'm just saying that I
suppose I've looked around at what *I* was doing, and then what others
were doing and asking myself, "Damn, do I sound like that?" And now all
I can do is live in fear for even attempting any dialog with anyone. No
one is immune and it isn't my place to tell anyone anything. "Damn right
it isn't" the response from the impassioned crowd seems to be.

As funny as it is to read politicians say things like when the
Philadelphia Council Member (understandably) says, "You're fired, you
sick motherfucker" to Stephen Miller, a human who makes me shake with
rage for being one of the most evil and disgusting human beings to ever
be appointed to any political cabinet, a person calling for the brutal
and intention separation of mothers from their children at the border to
"teach them a lesson" whom I think should be locked up for the rest of
his life and admittedly would not cry a tear if he somehow came to harm,
I still feel like I can do better. I *know* I can do better. We *have*
to do better. That hate cannot be allowed to fester, even if it is
completely and totally justified. Strength is different than hate.
Neville Longbottom talking to Voldemort comes to mind. He spoke without
fear, very directly and with "just ire" but he did *not* cross the line.
Neville is the true hero of the Harry Potter series. His parents weren't
just killed, they were murderously tortured, yet look at his actions.
Neville fucking rocks.

I would *never* dream of telling everyone how to feel right now. But I
am sick and tired of everyone telling everyone else what *they* should
be doing, what they can and can't say, and what *they* should be
thinking. Yes we need to stand up to tyranny, but the energy from
standing up is consuming itself and morphing into a massive level of
entitlement to say whatever the fuck you want about others, even over
less inflammatory issues. It scares the hell out of me, not because my
beliefs are any different from others, but because the level of anger
and retaliation is completely and totally unchecked and "now is not the
right time." When is the right time? Who gets to decide? I am back to
yelling at the sky about my frustrations because only a tiny minority of
people would even let me express these feelings right now.

## Sunday, November 8, 2020, 6:11:22AM EST <1604833882>

Aw yes, and so it begins. I've been banned by Twitter for a perfectly
reasonable dissenting opinion just as I was hoping Twitter had changed
their ways. Here's the thing. I *agree* with the conservative right that
big tech has *way* more power over our democracy than it should ever
have. I *agree* that our privacy and ability to communicate in a free
and open society is being curtailed. 

I agree with those on the left *and* right that Trump fascism is the
greatest domestic political evil our country has ever faced. In fact,
Trump has damaged us in ways that a lot of people don't seem to even
see, yet.

Not even a day has passed since the announcement and already people are
sharpening the guillotine. They don't care whose head they chop.
They are using Trumpist right-wing rhetoric like "fuck their feelings"
and "no apologies" and "never forget" just like we have seen in history
over and over and over again. 

My wife says I'm just seeing only one side of it, that really it's
only a small percentage, and you know what? She is *exactly* repeating
the same condescending, reductive shit that right-wing people used to
say about their own militias. "No, the left has *never* been as bad as
the Right."

Even if that is true, and I dearly want to believe it is, it
doesn't make me feel any better. I'm afraid the truth will now be known.
100s of heads are figuratively ready to roll just like France in 1789.
Some deserve it more than others, of course. But when does the
metaphorical killing stop? 

There's a reason I love the Hunger Games more than any other dystopian
examination of revolution. Katnis has to kill the *new* leader --
drunk with power, wanting to make a *new* Hunger Games -- while she
lets the mob rip Snow (deservedly) apart. Why the fuck can't people see
that this is *already* taking shape in America? The extremists, whipped
up by Trump on both sides are *exactly* what Trump wants and we don't
even see we are playing into his sadistic, diseased game.

Evidence?

Well one thing I find interesting is how many South Americans have been
chiming in on the whole revolution thing. Many of us are totally shocked
by so many South Americans voted for Trump, and you know what, it wasn't
just because of religion. As one woman wrote, "I have watched leftists
destroy my country in Venezuela, please don't let that happen here."

This is why someone like Paulo Friere is the better authority on these
things. While he is *entirely* for "radical" revolution he has seen so
many of them that he knows you *cannot* free the population by just
swapping out one group of oppressors for another. 

What is Friere's suggested fix? Dialog, real dialog that brings about
"praxis" which cannot happen until their is trust and love, which he
doesn't use in the saccharin way that others do. The oppressed have to
come to see their oppressors (which we just overthrew) as *also* victims
in this. But Americans just aren't able to do that. The oppressed who
say "fuck their feelings" and "no apologies" and "never let them forget"
have whipped decent left-leaning people up into the same frenzy. *Yes*
it is Trump's fault. *Yes* it is disgusting behavior. *Yes* people have
literally died and justice requires a response. But the choice of that
response will decide whether America enters civil war or not. Cycles
like this *do not go away*. The Gaza strip or any of the South American
governments have proven this over and over again.

I am *not* calling for the type of soft-peddling forgiveness that keeps
progressive people *constantly* being put down by the bullies. But I am
saying something Michele Obama always says, "They go low. We go high."
There is *no* need to be "pussies" about *anything*. We can show great
strength *and* enough rational compassion to *allow* them to change and
create a *new* dialog. These people are Americans. Some have *seriously*
broken the law and need to be accountable. Some have just been caught up
in the crazy. I imagine my parents are among them. I suppose it is time
to see if I can actually live up to my own words. Can I forgive my
Trump-supporting parents? Or will I forever block them from my life.

Remember, even Obama and Hillary were *against* gay marriage for most of
their lives. We let them change. I was Mormon for 40 years and committed
adultery, which looking back I deeply regret and don't excuse. I
understand *why* all that happened, why I had to change and people *let*
me change despite the incredible pain I caused. I imagine everyone has
some story in their past of being able to move on because people *let*
them move on. We let Biden move on from being held back for *major*
plagiarism in college? Can't we let others change as well? 

