## Saturday, December 12, 2020, 10:00:15PM EST <1607828415>

It has been tough working through time very difficult decisions to be
made regarding the changes being forced on our family. Perhaps the
toughest of all is the reality that I cannot maintain 25 hours a week in
private mentoring any longer. At best I can manage 12 (3 hours per
week).

This means I have to successfully combine or remove 13 people when I
take on full-time employment, which is an absolute must at this point.

There are no easy answers here. Only one of them is aging out into
college. The rest are mostly people who have been with me for years.

I've changed my pairing [policy](https://skilstak.io/policy) in order to
see where I can combine some of them based on the learning goals I
describe in the policy statement.

None of this will take effect until I accept a job, and I'm not rushing
into just any job, so there should be time to work this out in a way
that keeps everyone happy. In fact, a few will be happy about the
pairings I've suggested because they already want to be together. 

One thing is absolute. There is *no* room for new people at this time. I
was premature in mentioning it on the live stream although having them
on the waiting list is better than nothing. So many of the new
applicants are people I feel like I would love to work with. But crony
capitalism has decided that I simply cannot help them, not me. 

If crony capitalism were an actual human I would shoot it in the 
face with zero remorse. It has destroyed the lives of millions.

## Saturday, December 12, 2020, 7:29:18PM EST <1607819358>

It has been a tough day. It feels like all the realities of our current
time and situation are crashing down on my family. We haven't gotten
Covid yet (thank god) but Doris not being able to work in art education
is really hurting us. We'll make it through it. But I'm feeling a
monumental amount of stress from carrying us through this. It's not for
lack of anyone's desire to do what they can, just the fucking reality of
the world and economy we now live in.

The result is that many of the things I *want* to do with the last half
of my life are going to be eclipsed by the things I'm *required* to do.
It's like the Universe heard me talking about passion and following what
you want to do, and the rhetoric about "just having to be willing to
sacrifice what it takes to do it" and is hitting me in the face with it.
I'm simply not (and never will be) okay with sacrificing my family's
welfare to simply follow my passion.

Ironically, my passion is to help others, and it really feels like I'm
being punished for it. Capitalism does not reward people seeking to
promote the betterment of the whole, only those willing to profit at all
costs and get away with as much as they can. Just mentioning those words
sends small-minded assholes --- who are completely controlled by their
capitalist dictators --- into a rage.

So, I'm going back to work, most likely for corporate 'Merica. I just
don't have a choice. I either do it or we die, rather literally.

I actually have a waiting list of people to mentor at SkilStak and it
just doesn't matter. I have done everything right. I've run a successful
business focused on helping others upskill and reskill in tech to
improve their own social mobility and I'm being punished by the system
for doing so. 

American crony capitalism is every bit as oppressive and evil as any
flavor of communism but in some ways it is worse because it is sinister
in its lies and sophistry to manipulate idiots into thinking anything
else is a reduction of their freedoms. Having health care is *not* a
"communist" request. These idiots don't have *any* fucking freedom but
just don't see it. The statistics are overwhelming.

I admit I feel the pull of populism myself and the inevitable desire to
target a specific community rather than attack the problem. The
difference for me is that my populist angst is against the army of
morons that call themselves patriotic Americans. These
gun-toting, god-loving, brown-people-hating, education-is-evil,
conspiracy-crazy, dumb-asses are screwing me and everyone else over in
the worst way. They are being manipulated to destroy America by our
enemies and America's own elite all in the name of Jesus, in the name of
America, which they claim are one and the same. *They* are the problem.

But all of that is exactly what a citizen in a country on the brink of
collapse to capitalism always says. There's always someone else to
blame. There's always an excuse not to look inside and see what more I
can do myself.

So I guess I'll just shut up and work. I *will not* give up my
community. I have worked too hard for these people who have
become just as important to me as family in some cases. People can
judge me for saying that. I don't give a fuck. It is the essence of who
I am and if people don't like it tough. 

So this is what my weekday hourly time budget will likely look like:

Hours|Work
-|-
8|Job
3|Mentoring
1|Exercise
1|Grooming
2|Relax
1|Family
8|Sleep

Eating will have to be included in the Job and Mentoring and I'll stick
with quick meals. Watching documentaries and stuff will happen during
the Job time while I'm coding. Informal streams during the week fall
into Relax time. Some streams on the Job may be possible, which will
influence the jobs that I consider.

This schedule assumes I'll be doubling up most of my mentoring sessions
(once I have the job). I know that is not ideal and might anger some in
my community after making such a big deal about moving them to
one-on-one, but the alternative is kicking some people out, some of whom
have been with me for years. I'm just not willing to do that.

This leaves Friday evening, Saturday, and Sunday completely free for
recovery, long exercise, camping, family, sex, and (yes) Beginner Boost
streaming from which other opportunities and additional income streams
will come through subscription video content. I figure it will take at
least an hour of editing for every hour of video content in order to
have it ready to post as subscription contents.

