## Monday, November 2, 2020, 12:21:19PM EST <1604337679>

Just got a response to a ban request on Twitter in like 10 minutes.
Twitter has *really* taken up the call to do as much as possible to put
a wet-blanket on the fire the Trump terrorists are fanning hoping for an
all out war so they can use their call-of-duty-wannabe guns on "soy
boys on the field". Thankfully the *real* heroes of the American
military actually are true patriots who understand there is no excuse
for violence in the streets and would do everything in their power to
protect America from an all-out civil war. Something as small as a moron
having his Twitter mega-phone taken away for using it to make threats of
physical violence warms this soy-boy's heart. 

Perhaps the biggest thing I am reminded of in all of this is how
completely impotent these morons are and how much *real* power those of
us have who fight back the internal motivation to respond with violence
unless it is necessary. If and when the time comes, yes, I would (and
will) fight such assholes who refuse to listen and dialog (mostly
because words hurt their brains). They are terrorists and must be dealt
with as such. In fact, they are the worst kind of terrorists
because they claim to be "protecting" America. 

No, when and if the time comes I fight for all Americans like any level
20 "soy-boy" wizard, from the back line reigning hell-fire in ways that
these tiny-brained morons can't even comprehend. Do I hope for that
opportunity? Hell no. I don't incite in order to use my skills. But I do
have them when needed, such as the silencing of this tiny pawn just now.
It felt good to defend *our* America, the one that doesn't tolerate
threats of violence.

## Monday, November 2, 2020, 10:59:37AM EST <1604332777>

The new [Raspberry Pi 400](https://duck.com/lite?kd=-1&kp=-1&q=Raspberry
Pi 400) proves once and for all that any educational institution is
better off learning Linux than anything else. Rather than pretending that
everyone needs to learn how to use an iPad touch interface, the Pi 400
takes the *completely* opposite approach. "All you need is a keyboard
and a Pi, and maybe a mouse." 

When I advised at a school that was doing a 1-to-1 deployment, the
number one top problem was broken screens. It was such a problem that
Apple started just giving the school new screens because, I assume, they
wanted to avoid the bad press of Apple Macbook Airs just not being good
enough. I imagine the same was true for iPads. 

Here's the thing. The monitor is immaterial. Monitors are cheap these
days --- especially since most televisions can double as one. A computer
lab need only have monitors so the kids can bring their 400s with them
to school. In fact, *smart* schools could have screens in *every*
classroom enabling every subject to be based on digital materials. They
don't even need Internet access. All they need is one server on the
schools network and all the materials could be hosted there.

And another thing. By not having a monitor the Pi 400 removes all the
*extra* stuff students due with the computer to abuse the privilege of
having one. Students simply cannot use their computer without a monitor,
period. This is much better than the worst privacy invading software ever
known to humans, which Apple did to give ability to any teacher or
administrator to monitor *any* laptop no matter where it was, even at
home.

Sadly school districts in the States are often too flawed with
corruption and incompetence to do something that makes this much sense
to everyone else. Most are in-bed with Apple because of the cronyism,
corruption, and being underfunded. But at least more than a few humans
know that other, better ways do exist. Maybe Covid will put options like
these out there for everyone so people on lower incomes can have a
computer in their home. Even the poorest (at least in America) have a TV
screen somewhere they could plug into.

