## Thursday, November 12, 2020, 5:12:53AM EST <1605175973>

Finished watching *One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest* and realizing I have
probably have more trauma from having been Mormon for 40 years than I
think I full realize sometimes. I have also been watching the series
exposing what has been happening in Scientology. It is downright
sadistic. 

I would never know what PTSD is but I imagine what I have is
similar. The levels of pain, oppression, and psychological trauma well
up in ways that I cannot always predict, usually random sobbing. 

All the beatings -- psychological and real -- I bore as a kid in
middle-school certainly play a part, not from Mormonism, but from the
unchecked oppression of a social class structure of a bunch of young
people trained well by a system that rewards aggressive bullies and
ridicules intelligence and empathy.

"I don't do empathy" are the exact words my FUCKING land-lord said to my
wife as he kicked us out for know good reason knowing full well it would
cause me to close my main school and having just promised us verbally a
five-year lease. That is not an exaggeration. He was *exactly* the type
of kid who had been trained to become a shit-head, like his father. But
he had also been taught to take, to win, that cheating is relative, that
strength is all that matters. Eric, you prick, I hope you fucking rot in
hell along with the rest of your ilk (look it up you fucking moron, as
if he would ever read those words). 

And to all the Mormons who lied to me and taught me *the bullshit* that
nearly destroyed my life and that of my gay son, FUCK OFF! You are the
ones voting for this Trump asshole, an anti-Christ if one ever existed.
This is on you, and God will punish *you* for the atrocities you have
enabled.

No. I'm not crazy. I'm just pissed as hell. ***We*** won't take this
shit anymore. We've had enough.

