Listened to a podcast and --- as well intended as everyone was on it ---
all I heard was whining about how hard they think it is to learn stuff,
and complaining about there not being enough out there for beginners.

While it is true that there is almost nothing to help others learn
operations skills and beginning Go programming, I learned from RFCs and
man pages and blowing things up until I didn't anymore. It can be done.
You can read the bad, old books from the library if you must and see why
they are bad. You can dive into code from others for free on GitHub and
ask yourself, "Why the fuck are they doing that?" every 30 seconds. You
*can* learn this shit. The question is, are you going to make more
fucking excuses or are you doing to do it.

There's the overwhelming sense out there that learning is someone else's
job, the teacher, the author, the mentor, the video maker, your company.
That it is the system's fault, not yours that you cannot get a job
because you don't have the resources to do that learning. That you are
powerless to learn and get a job unless you have the right recipe that
someone else provides. While this is true in way too many cases they are
usually because the person doesn't have a computer, or a home, or an
Internet connection. But plenty of these people find a way, go to the
library, get the help they need. They do it.

So shut the fuck up. Stop your whining and *own* your learning. You
don't need a lot of money, the right book, or even a mentor. Be your own
mentor. Have the courage to jump in a just learn it. Give
yourself permission. 

Then don't call yourself a "junior". Get enough real-world experience
using what you can to just drop that stupid qualifier. Declare yourself
the best developer/engineer you know, because you know what you've done,
can do, and will be able to do in the future. Count ever month of your
learning. Put your personal projects in your resume. Save your month and
buy raspberry pis and cloud servers to practice. Sure you won't be able
to do certain things "at scale" but you can do *plenty* to get a job.
I've watched dozens in the last seven years to exactly that.

I feel better.
