## Wednesday, January 6, 2021, 8:28:08PM EST <1609982888>

As I write the [books](books) page I'm reminded how useless all the
educational approaches are without a method of mapping skills,
knowledge, and abilities so that the content can be associated with them
and gaps in learning tracked specifically. No such system exists on
planet Earth at the moment. Every time I'm reminded of this I get really
frustrated by the monumental amount of work to do in that area. There is
no good domain model from which to even begin. God knows I have created
several over the years, but I really need to lock one down. It would be
the most important domain model of my life because *everything* else
depends on it, not just some application. Thankfully, I have most of it
done, but I just need to document it.

## Wednesday, January 6, 2021, 3:54:25PM EST <1609966465>

Those seditious assholes finally showed their true colors, storming the
capital building while waving American flags. 

## Wednesday, January 6, 2021, 1:21:18AM EST <1609914078>

During a live stream we were discussing how cool the Raspberry Pi 400 is
and how great it is for education. It occurred to me that the number one
problem with the 1-1 deployment at Mooresville Middle School (a program
that Obama later visited and praised) was the breaking of Macbook
screens. Apple even had to give them replacements for free because it
was getting way to expensive and Apple wanted to save face. Had they had
the 400 there would be no screens to break and they could just plug in
to screens at the school. Any TV would.

This would also address the discipline issue of students using their
computer for things outside of class putting them at risk. For example,
girls would use the camera to do their makeup. It would also remove the
risk of predatory misconduct by the administration who regularly
activates the camera and mic without the students knowing, even when at
home.

Then there is the entire question of cost. A 400 is a fraction of the
cost of an Apple computer with a keyboard.

Speaking of keyboards, buying iPads for your school district is the
biggest way to show how fucking stupid you are. Kids need to learn to
type and you don't really do that with an iPad. The 400 addresses this
perfectly. In fact, it's like the anti-iPad because it's *only* a
keyboard. Kids need to learn to write, not push stuff around on the
screen with their fucking finger and thumbs. This really angers me
thinking about it, a perfect example of American crony capitalism that
is legitimately making Americas stupider. The Chinese --- and even the
English --- are laughing their asses off at us for good reason.

