## Tuesday, June 16, 2020, 5:58:37PM EDT [1592344717]

I have had a lot of success moving to a more data model approach to the
knowledge bases. It feels a lot like what was intended behind the
semantic web but more focused on localized, even personal, knowledge
instead. If there is one thing I continue to obsess over it is
organizing, capturing, and sharing knowledge in a digestible, searchable
way.

The latest breakthrough was adding a `Challenge` category with the
`Prereqs` pointing to other `HowTo` type knowledge nodes. The Challenge
nodes are of type `HowTo` as well.

## Tuesday, June 16, 2020, 5:35:46PM EDT [1592343346]

Don't know if it is the dreary day outside but feeling a little
depressed. I have all the reasons in the world to be happy. Let's face
it. I'm a sun worshiper. I always knew it.

I think I'm battling feelings of being under-appreciated a bit as well.
I know that people value what I'm putting into the world --- for free
--- but I do sometimes wonder if they realize just how valuable the
information I am putting out there is. Yesterday I reviewed an
absolutely horrendous book that is \$37 at Amazon. I fell for it. I
bought it. It absolutely sucks. But they have my money no less.

Meanwhile I continue to endeavour to put out high quality accurate,
modern content that is backed with objective experience and research
only to have to deal with the occasional downvote from a dolt who
doesn't even know what the word dolt means.

I am seriously saddened by the overwhelming level of stupidity rising
all over the world. All I can do is help to fight it with every breath.
But it is the incessant attack on my optimism that eventually gets the
best of me and makes me just want to do the minimum to get by and
languish in escapism for the rest of it. So many people *live* in their
escapism --- especially now.

I need more coffee.

## Tuesday, June 16, 2020, 4:23:03PM EDT [1592338983]

I read a dumb comment in a StackExchange post that said, "Why would you
ever learn shell? No one ever gets a job with that." 

I can't believe that level of cluelessness of that statement. The thing
that people think isn't "going to get them a job" is actually the most
magical way of making the 10x better than anyone else qualified for that
job --- especially if you are going into anything in cybersecurity or
systems operations.

