## Tuesday, February 11, 2020, 6:12:07PM EST [1581462727]

I'm a little conflicted now on what should be the first JavaScript book,
or even the first book period. It seems like three main paths and types
of learners are emerging based on the project or thing that the person
most wants to get the fastest:

1. Video game.
1. Minecraft server.
1. Web site/app. 
1. Job in tech.
1. Hacker skills.

I've had multiple paths before. All of them include the same material
just in different orders. This makes me question the preferred path I
outlined in [Modern Technology Foundations](/mtf/).

I think my experiment bypassing the command-line skills I tried with one
person this last few months blew up because the person ended up *really*
needing and *wanting* them once they figured out how much easier they
are than using the GUI to move things around.

The question is do I maintain my focus and requirement for everyone to
get on Linux first? On the one hand you have the solid experiences
providing low-hanging fruit, but on the other such experiences can give
a false impression of the actual work involved to become a technologist
with the fundamentals I maintain are foundational. 

However, back when *everyone* had to learn shell by logging into
`skilstak.sh` and even learned `vi` before *anything* else I had
*tremendous* success. Every one of those people who survived went on to
do amazing things including full employment at 16 in technical jobs. Did
that approach provide a filter, much like an intense Chem or Physics 101
does? I think it did. If so do I still want to keep that filter in
place? Or do I soften everything to those who might never need Linux and
only minimally need the command line.

I think I know the answer, I just am having a hard time admitting it. I
really just don't want to deal with people who are not naturally
attracted to Linux and the command line. That's not bad to say. It's not
evil of me to only want to work with people who intuitively understand
why this is objectively true. Plus it is my sweet spot. People who want
to use VSCode their whole lives and play around with React and web
graphics and --- for God sakes only want to make a game with GameMaker
or Unity --- can simply find some other way to learn that stuff. 

In short, I want to further focus specifically on the following:

1. Linux
1. Pentesting
1. Bug Bounties
1. Minimal JAMstack Web Sites and Progressive Web Apps in Vue
1. Physical Computing

I fucking hate game development and always have. (Actually I wanted to
do it when I was 12 so that's not completely fair. I must never forget
that). I always teach game development as a means to an end. But I'd
rather help people setup Minecraft servers all day and watch them become
kick-ass system administrators and get Linux certified at 15 than have
someone create the next fucking Fortnite. And there it is, the truth.

The disappointing reality of my initial effort teaching GameMaker is
that my 3rd student ever never amount to anything more than a crappy
GameMaker user who threw off even GameMaker language and stuck with the
pretty GUI interface. It was a serious mistake to let that go on for as
long as I did. At the same time others of his age were *way* into
Minecraft and went on to do seriously amazing things, one even teaching
himself Assembly.

The sad reality is that if someone is fundamentally attracted to making
games (and little  more) I'm *never* going to be able to entice them out
of it and frankly it's not my place to do so. People are people. And the
world clearly needs games, far more than reality television. Games *are*
art. I'm not attacking games. Just my frustration with people who are
obsessed with nothing more than making them. It's tough because just the
other night I med a brilliant Assembly programmer who got into *because*
he wanted to hack NES games in Assembly. I want to believe those skills
will eventually be applied in other places as well. But I'm not going
down that road. Not when I can create gamified hackathons and
hack-the-box puzzles related to *real* skills that are our world so
desperately needs.

I'm super triggered tonight because I actually let myself give in to
downloading GameMaker for a brilliant person here and trying it on Linux
and suddenly realized, "What the *FUCK* am I doing?" I rather directly
said, "You have two options, this book or the other. You pick. That's
it. If you want something more or don't find this stuff interesting it's
time for you to leave." (Yes I actually said that.) That's pretty damn
harsh of me. But it worked and he actually enjoyed the new book. 

I'm not normally like that. I'm just tired of having to be a creative
marketing charlatan to get people to come around to doing what I hope
will amount to skills that can help us all. This is compounded by the
fact that I have several members of my community who *do* understand
this stuff and seek from a very young age to make that difference and
have. I really wish I understood why that is. Best I can do is curate a
community of just such individuals. After all, I started this community
and I can decide who stays and who is encouraged not to return.

Streaming has been great because it further proves that such people are
out there, many of them are in college, which makes sense. Others have
lived a fair amount of their lives and come to the same set of
priorities that I seem to have. So perhaps streaming is the answer to my
frustration that I've been seeking.

GameMaker can fuck right off.

## Tuesday, February 11, 2020, 5:57:37PM EST [1581461857]

Just realized that when I have a capture card I can capture the BIOS
setup and installation details regarding UEFI installations for all the
different computers I have around the lab. There's a good chance one
will look what the viewer has at home. I have a pretty good sample of
BIOS types, MSI, America (whatever, the blue one everyone has), Dell
(which is rather unique), and even an HP. Hell, I can even capture how
to do it on a Mac Mini. I think that variety of BIOS setup videos is
easily worth the \$150 or so that they cost. YouTube has very few
(substantial) videos that actually show working with the BIOS through
this challenges, which continue to be the biggest hurdles for more
people trying out Linux installations for the first time.

So now the question is which of the capture cards is best for this type
of thing. A lot of the recommended ones are not generic enough. I think
I am sold on the idea of having component in as well since that allows
the capture from even old video cameras, of which we have many in the
lab.

## Tuesday, February 11, 2020, 5:47:10PM EST [1581461230]

I am *really* liking this [Eloquent
JavaScript](https://eloquentjavascript.net) book. I have someone working
through it with the console open right along-side the free,
creative-commons book and tinkering with the concepts as they read them.
That's phenomenal to me. I also read ahead and noticed that the *main*
project in the book is a nice platformer in which the reader codes their
own gravity and collision, which is something I always like to do before
giving them a PhaserJS or other library crutch. 

I think I'm really sold. 

I think I'll recommend this first (before the Learning JavaScript) book
for most, but stick with the main recommendation of the O'Reilly book
because it is quite a bit more thorough (but nothing like Definitive
JavaScript). Eloquent JavaScript appeals more to younger coders as well
and most of those with whom I work are rather young. Plus they can say
they literally coded a game *from scratch*.

Plus the writing and references in Eloquent JS are hilarious and the
author doesn't shy away from math and horrible puns and metaphors. I
really quite impressed.

## Tuesday, February 11, 2020, 4:34:31PM EST [1581456871]

Just hearing about [Pop!_OS](https://system76.com/pop) from System76 and
it looks encouraging. I'm so not a fan of that company having had a
*horrible* experience with their customer service in 2013, but perhaps
they have matured. Their computers are still ridiculously overpriced and
their return policies are frankly unacceptable in today's market. (They
charged me like \$150 for "rebox-ing" and "scratches" after the laptop I
purchased turned out to be ridiculously underpowered for the price.)

Evaluating disto installs and such prompted me to start looking for a
way to capture the output to the monitor and stream that to OBS since
anything that goes to the monitor includes all the BIOS and other
things. It would be the best way to stream such sessions rather than
sticking a camera in front of the monitor.

Looks like there are several brands and they all do exactly what I'm
thinking of because they are used to capture screens from consoles and
such. This is frustrating because I know I need one to make the
installation video for Mint to capture the BIOS stuff.

## Tuesday, February 11, 2020, 2:00:47PM EST [1581447647]

Trying to capture all the [streaming tips](/streaming-tips/) I've been
learning as I do but man there are a lot of them.

Just completed my first thumbnail after giving it a lot of consideration
and it is *not* fun. I would much rather be producing content and code.
It could almost be automated, but I'm afraid there is no way to create
the initial screen capture required so it is just faster to make it from
the most relevant image from the stream combined with a title that is
readable above all else, even if it is not particularly beautiful. Ain't
got no time for that.

![Amazon Meet Oxide Thumbnail](amazon-meet-oxide.png)

The amount of blogging I do has already been significantly reduced due
to all the videos. I'm okay with that so long as the major keywords and
concepts are written somewhere that can be found on the Internet through
the normal searches. That said, I will be producing *far* less written
content, that's for sure. I can convey so much more verbally ---
especially with body language, which makes sense since that is the
natural best form of human communication. As a bonus, it means I can
communicate much better with Russians and French people because I speak
those languages but have a hard time typing them. At the end of the day
I've always been a better verbal communicator than writer, although I do
love writing.

One potential side effect of this is that I will free up time faster for
writing creative works rather than all this tech/work stuff.

One *huge* casualty in all of this will be the README World Exchange
project, which is now very secondary to getting as much content created
as possible as video. After that the priority is distilling and
organizing those videos into lessons with a path and as much written
material and exercises as possible. All the rest of the projects after
that are tertiary, including, I'm afraid, the RWX project.

So, I will triage the README WorldPress (`rw`) tool that I have and get
it using Pandoc for builds again and finish the search indexing with the
goal of getting [skilstak.io]{.spy} back up to date and both
`rxwrob.live` and `robs.io` split off of it.

The SOIL project is also all but officially dead. Another academic
streamer and I talked through that whole burden of governance for even
the most loosely organized groups and he basically talked me out of it
by reminding me of realities somehow I already knew. That no matter
what, you will always have drama when there is more than one person
involved in any endeavor. We agreed a BDFL is a better approach and is
the governance model for most successful open source projects including
Linux and Python. Even having a SOIL convention would incur massive
organization and lost time and for what? To spend a lot of time to come
together and learn and discuss stuff that we could more easily cover on
a collaborative live stream? No, the future --- and present --- is
streaming. Conventions are dead. They really are. It is great meeting
people in person and that will always be a thing, but it will never
produce the total value that doing all of the same thing online can do.
(One-on-one, in-person mentoring is an entirely different thing, and has
the potential to work online as well, but I have yet to successful test
that premise.)

It's worth noting that the extremely brilliant minds and souls behind
oxide.computer seem to have arrived at something similar to this
conclusion as well. They are podcasting and building, period. There is
something to be said to keeping laser focused on good output, be it
content or code, and just sharing what is happening to people can find
and follow what is happening. It's also the most inclusive approach. As
much as I want to go to defcon it will probably never been a reality ---
even if it was held in my home town. So I'm getting a lot of internal
confirmation that this is the right path to take with all of this.

Twitter posting has also dropped to zero. I only post really good stuff
and links to videos that are out and invitations to specific live
streams. I think everyone will enjoy that more because the content is
more specific and they can choose whether to just shoot the breeze or
check out the more polished videos as they come out. At some point I
have a feeling I will be picked up by the writer's themselves and can
perhaps get an interview with one or two on stream and I *have* to
prepare technically for that possibility above all others.

Another project that I'm nixing is the "couch talk" here in the studio.
It's far more important that I get the ability to have phone and Discord
and Slack and Skype interviews and conversations on stream than anything
I can do in world here. It would be certainly fun, but it's secondary to
the content itself.

I am *not* nixing the remote hack-the-box type games and Easter eggs in
my web site. They have massive appeal and reach not only those that I
mentor here in person but *everyone* on the Internet. That is even a
higher priority than finished the RWX project (but not the RW project,
which I need to be able to document things as quickly as possible).
Humm, maybe I could keep RWX *ultra* lightweight and just be a place for
people to post their RW sites. That might be doable within the same
parameters.

To summarize, my single top priority is producing as much high-quality
educational content as possible in the core domains that I have always
been focused on. This means videos about all the introductory stuff that
I do IRL with my mentored sessions to help everyone find their bearings
and path, then it is annotating the main books and certification
outlines in an organized way, not quite as organized as taking a course,
per se, but enough that people find value in it enough to motivate them
to continue with their learning (and save as much money as they possibly
can).

