## Monday, October 26, 2020, 8:48:52PM EDT <1603759732>

I couldn't help myself. I ranted about [how bad Cobra
is](/wish/#generator-replacement-to-go-cobra-commander) and opened an
[issue](https://github.com/spf13/cobra/issues/1266) on it. I'm a bad
person, but I promise my heart is in the right place.

## Monday, October 26, 2020, 6:07:26PM EDT <1603750046>

Few things help me more to manage my random depressed mood swings than
observing someone *really* learning a lot after having learned to give
themselves permission to take charge of their own learning. Their very
demeanor changes from "You want me to do what ... ?" to "Today I thought
I'd focus on ...?" It fills me with absolute joy to hear such simple
words.

This afternoon has been filled with people doing just that, and at ages
that others --- especially those formally trained in education --- would
likely simply not believe unless they observed it themselves. Once a
mind is free from the oppressive ideologies and practices of the
tyrannically enslaving "traditional education" paradigms and pedagogies,
and from the consuming addictions created by games and other
quick-skills-fix drugs they've come to abuse because they have been denied
the more meaningful joy of owning their learning and the natural highs
that result, it seems that the mind bursts with new energy manifesting
in a wide range of ways detectable to any minimally intelligent biped
paying a modicum of *real* attention --- instead of stuffing an
impersonal "assessment" in their face onto which they'll later bleed a
few words of "correction" or "encouragement". Does *anyone* really
believe that has ever worked? Some would say this sort of personal
assessment lacks objectivity. I say bullshit. Those making such claims
are either too lazy to attempt the ultimate method of personal pedagogy
or too greedy to pay the cost in empty fiat required to increase the
number of personal learning mentors to enable these experiences for
everyone. I now know that at least two *incredibly* respected pedagogues
agree. Thank you Sir Ken and Mr. Friere.

Also, I can't help noticing the direct correlation between this way of
learning at Hogwarts when the Room of Requirements manifests itself and
Harry takes on the task of sharing his skills with absolute humility
while keeping it fun. *Dumbledore's Army* is literally a celebration of
the *Pedagogy of the Oppressed*. No wonder I love it so much.

## Monday, October 26, 2020, 4:39:59PM EDT <1603744799>

Nice to learn that Netlify does all the [cache busting for
you](https://www.netlify.com/blog/2015/09/11/instant-cache-invalidation/).
I'm noticing all kinds of things that I took for granted from Netlify
having moved our community to staging on a server running Nginx. Another
thing is setting the `charset` to `UTF-8` which is otherwise required
with the `<meta>` tag by the default Nginx configuration.

## Monday, October 26, 2020, 12:53:47PM EDT <1603731227>

TIL that by adding an `Error()` method to *anything* in Go you can then
use it in place of anything that takes an `error` type. It is similar to
using the `Stringer` interface for anything that takes a thing in
`string` context.

