## Thursday, October 15, 2020, 4:06:37PM EDT <1602792397>

I'm really feeling the call to highly specialize in writing Go backend
API and security applications after completing the KnowledgeNet
framework and all its dependencies. But I'm also struggling with the
strong desire to bring SkilBots into the public open source realm and do
it right --- especially since the entire SkilBots framework works well
for anything that is doing detection and monitoring. It is the dream I
had while writing such software for IBM once upon a time.

One thing is for sure, I'm a systems and security software engineer and
always will be. As much as I love pentesting and hacking, I love
creating the software that automates such things all the more. In fact,
I think I really need to make room for some solid machine learning in my
self-learning plan in order to incorporate it into everything else.

## Thursday, October 15, 2020, 1:17:11PM EDT <1602782231>

Yes! The [Introduction to Linux
Course](https://www.edx.org/course/introduction-to-linux) *is* Creative
commons. My question was answered in the forums about it:

> The Intro to Linux course is released under Creative Commons, and you
> can reuse the material as you see fit.

This means I will definitely carve out a time on Sunday to go over the
material live every week, probably on Sunday.

## Thursday, October 15, 2020, 10:41:43AM EDT <1602772903>

While using EdX platform I'm reminded that it requires the use of
Markdown to post anything to its forums, yet *no one* is teaching
Markdown to *anyone*. I maintain that it is one of --- if not *the* ---
most important languages to learn because it is the most essential. It
allows the capture and communication of knowledge by the most people. It
is what HTML *should* have been, and yet no one teaches it.

## Thursday, October 15, 2020, 10:15:22AM EDT <1602771322>

As I begin the [Introduction to
Linux Course](https://www.edx.org/course/introduction-to-linux) in order
to follow along with those I am helping (freely) online I find myself
being rather pissed off at the [copyright policy](https://www.edx.org/edx-terms-service#your-right).

Such policies don't surprise me coming from a platform "created by
Harvard and MIT", two of this shittiest educational institutions to have
ever existed and *definitely* the biggest marketing charlatans. They
actually have everyone convinced they are good when anyone with even a
minute clue who looks at their material and curriculum would instantly
realize otherwise. Fuck 'em. No, really *fuck em up*. After what MIT did
to kill Aaron Schwartz after all the legal activism and good he did for
the world they don't deserve to live as entities. I love that *some* of
their material is "open" but this EdX copyright shit proves their real
intentions. I cannot believe the Linux Foundation has anything to do
with them.

It gives me great pleasure that one of my best community members --- who
could have gone anywhere --- said, "meh" about his visit to MIT. That
ain't sour grapes, that's an objective observation with no agenda on his
part.

I'm also struck by the utter lack of anything significant regarding true
terminal mastery. I get why they leave so much out, but this is
*insane*. I have been enthusiastic about it going into it, just like
with the William Shots book, but I can already predict being really let
down. There is no way I can say this without sounding arrogant ---
although it is something I hear a lot from others --- I must "write a
book" (even though my book will be a searchable progressive web app that
can optionally be printed instead of the traditional type).

## Thursday, October 15, 2020, 9:31:41AM EDT <1602768701>

Got this in the chat from [\@cybergenik](https://twitch.tv/cybergenik) as I was winding up yesterday:

> You're awesome Rob, I thought I was pretty decent at go. But I'm learning new things every day. Thanks man!

In the sharing economy the only currency is thanks, reputation, and
influence.

