## Thursday, September 24, 2020, 9:40:09PM EDT <1600998009>

After reading a lot of [Sid's Twitter feed](https://twitter.com/sytses)
I'm blown away (again) by how much the guy just understands the modern
workforce and modern demands. In fact, it is been bothering me a bit
that the full GraphQL API is not yet implemented in the GitLab open
source product and they don't have an official CLI implementation yet.
I'm thinking after I finish my `gits` project that I'll have a solid
enough handle on their REST and GraphQL API that I could jump into their
open source contributors group and help build out their GraphQL API
more, as well as a `cview`-driven terminal UI (another great team with
the good sense to host on GitLab and not GitHub).

Bottom line: I ain't got no time to waste on shitty companies and
projects when such amazing ones exist that need our help to win the day
against the orange dumb-asses for companies destroying our world.

Fuck being polite about it.

Fuck perception management.

I want skin in the games that matter most and they sure the *fuck*
aren't at RedVentures, Google, Facebook and their other ridiculously
malevolent cousins. Fuck em all. I *am* going to make a difference with
every last breath I have, so help me God, and I'm going to make sure I
encourage as many other living, breathing, amazingly authentic humans to
do the same in the best way they can. We *will* change this world for
the better.

## Thursday, September 24, 2020, 9:02:12PM EDT <1600995732>

I found my [tweet about how much silicon valley stank is on
RedVentures](https://twitter.com/rwxrob/status/1194668719928160258) and
how fucking behind that company is. All of a sudden they are all "woke"
to Go but didn't have the prescience to see it four years ago. Yet they
are all about the lies and marketing about how amazing they are, all
while renting space at WeWork, pffffhahahahaha! Oh God, I think I hurt
myself laughing at that shit.

What a horribly clueless-as-fuck company! Avoid it like the plague!

I'm still laughing my ass off at all their emptiness. I am *so* happy I
dodged that bullet. Shitty companies like that will *never* be something
that truly engage autodidactic technologists with any sense of
self-respect and *true* moral decency. But they'll be fine. There are
plenty of greedy, hungry people who will plug their nose and dive into
the shit if the money is right.

Nope, I actually give a shit about the company I put my time and energy
behind, companies like Netlify and GitLab that have a true focus on
providing open-core value. They *do* exist and Imma hold out to find
one. Hell, I might even *create* one. I already built one company. I can
do it again.

## Thursday, September 24, 2020, 8:49:37PM EDT <1600994977>

So I went searching through the jobs list for secops professionals and I
don't even know what I was thinking. Cybersecurity jobs for corporations
are so fucking boring I would want out in a week. Such jobs have
*nothing* to do with the rush of breaking a CTF puzzle even. They are
about implementing this and such security technology stack, and running
some sort of automated auditing solutions. Very little of it seems to be
really challenging at all. 

Unless you are working in a military capacity and organizing defense and
attack on legitimate targets I could never survive the boredom and
politics when shit goes south and higher ups are looking for someone to
pin it on. Working in cybersecurity is boring as fuck in most jobs. That
is the secret that most people just won't admit.

Free-lance pentesting, however, does have a bit more attraction for me.
By building my own suite of tools that no-one else I could own the
others. I could definitely do that, but it would take time and I would
be the guy who couldn't help giving everything away for free. That's
just me.

So no thank you, I want to stick with building and maintain stuff more
than breaking in. Let's face it. I fucking love to code on Linux all
day.

## Thursday, September 24, 2020, 7:19:56PM EDT <1600989596>

So while just looking at the stuff on <https://picoctf.org> with a
member who is really quite good at it I have to admit I'm a bit
conflicted about what direction I want to take my work path going
forward. Earlier today I was dead set on the "golden stack" which is in
tremendous demand in organizations all over and very employable, but
then again, so are cybersecurity skills and God knows I can parley my
sysops skills further into secops. With my development skills I could
combine them with a stronger focus on cybersecurity to create software
and automations that push what is possible on the secops front. I've
always said I wanted to rewrite the fucking butt-ugly Burp Suite in Go
and create entirely command-driven tools.

If I were to pursue the secops path instead of backend developer I would
really need to focus in some official capacity on the whole security
front. It is the reason I was *so* into OCSP earlier. 

As it happens, there is a lot of work in this area for red and blue team
secops and Offensive Security itself has a mailing address not even 20
miles from my location.

## Thursday, September 24, 2020, 5:52:08PM EDT <1600984328>

"I'm also a *published* author..." 

Seriously, what the fuck that does even mean? That Packt publishing
stroked your ego into thinking you *definitely* have author potential in
you? And that you bit so hard on that lure now you can tell everyone you
are a "published author?"  I've been to writing conventions and I know
what the word "author" means and how scornfully people regard it in the
fiction industry when anyone tries to wear that moniker.

The more I read about the traditional publishing industry the more I
feel the whole fucking thing has to just be thrown out.

And lest anyone think this is sour grapes, I've been approached many
times by Packt and others to write a book and people keep telling me
that I should.

Fuck that.

The world doesn't need more authors willing to right overpriced books
that will fall out of date and immediately become a liability to anyone
unfortunate enough to invest their time in reading it. No, the world
needs more authors willing to write under creative commons licensing and
make paper available as well, but to maintain a *fluid* knowledge base
that anyone can access. That's what the world needs. Every time I feel
the lure of "hell, I could do that" in this regard I fight it back down
and get busy making shit that will be *far* more important for the world
later.

## Thursday, September 24, 2020, 5:07:30PM EDT <1600981650>

While waiting for my next session to start I'm reassessing the priority
of my existing projects. The [PEGN](https://pegn.dev) stuff clearly is
my highest priority since it opens so many other doors for me and
others.

1. [`pegn-go`](https://gitlab.com/pegn/pegn-go) 1.0
1. [`pegn`](https://gitlab.com/pegn/pegn)
1. [`grammar.pegn.dev`](https://pegn.dev)
1. [`ezmark`](https://gitlab.com/rwxrob/ezmark)
1. [`kn`](https://gitlab.com/rwxrob/kn)
1. [`gits`](https://gitlab.com/rwxrob/gits)
1. [`cmdtab`](https://gitlab.com/rwxrob/cmdtab)
1. [`skilz`](https://gitlab.com/rwxrob/skilz)

All of these have been in my plan for some time but they now all have
quite a bit of cross-over and higher relevance to job application
skills. For example, the server/package I create to auto-populate
registry entries simply by visiting them from the site (based on what
<https://godoc.org> does) is needed by *both* `kn` (which is both a
server and a command line utility) and <https://grammar.pegn.dev>, both
of which will have the option of drawing on static files or a Redis
instance. I'll need GraphQL APIs for them all as well.

I plan on really becoming focused on the same stuff that got me famous
in the first place: wicked backend web skills, the same skills that they
paid me for to be the "CGI Guy" and later got me the Nike and IBM jobs.
I have a *ton* of SRE experience as well, but keeping it all fresh to
the level of high specialization is unrealistic.

As much as I love the SRE side, I'm really, really good at creating
APIs, grammars, and stuff that other developers need. That's what
backend development is all about.

## Thursday, September 24, 2020, 4:38:52PM EDT <1600979932>

Had a great phone conversation with a recruiter who went the extra mile
to check-in and watch my Twitch stream for a while, really great guy. I
did that thing where I get super into an opportunity and eventually peel
back the rose-color coverings on my glasses and see the reality of the
"fit" with them and my family. A few things became really obvious that I
sort of knew before but became really poignant later:

1. *I must remain 100% remote.* I did not really realize this until this
   conversation. We are getting by enough on my current income to make
   sure we don't mess up any potential opportunities --- particularly
   for my wife (residencies, etc.). I've been working for 23 years
   remotely. Why change now --- especially after the fundamental working
   place changes in attitude related to COVID-19? Any company that has a
   "hybrid" policy about remote work justified by a misplaced assumption
   that people who are willing to come in at least some of the time are
   somehow better employees is just not the right fit for me and never
   will be. Companies like GitLab and Netlify that are like, "We *only*
   do remote and regularly champion fully remote work in the industry"
   are a stark contrast. It would really grate on me that the higher ups
   in the company really just didn't get it, maybe not enough to leave
   or avoid an opportunity, but definitely enough to stress me out and
   think they are morons.

1. *Linux + Go + GraphQL + Microservices + k8s + gRPC + Redis + Vue.*
   Imma call it the *golden stack*. How does that sound? By the way fuck
   React (cuz front-end) and fuck REST (cuz bork and ancient). Also,
   Docker is assumed in Kubernetes. These hard skills are based on the
   highest paying --- and most technologically sound --- architecture
   available in the world right now. Best I completely and totally
   master every single one of them and prove it with demonstrable work
   projects in any form I can find, including pro-bono work for my
   favorite community colleges and the like. I've decided even though
   I'm draw to cybersecurity engineering and development that knowing
   this standard stack fully is the most employable and builds into
   cybersecurity applications development eventually as well. Companies
   like GitLab and Netlify are already running this stack, which isn't
   surprising given how much I love them. In fact, I plan on
   contributing as much as I can to the GitLab open source project to
   get their GraphQL API up to snuff and build a remote interface that
   is far better than GitHub's.

1. *\$150,000 is average for Senior Software Engineers.* When a
   recruiter sort-of apologizes for only being able to pay a cap of
   \$160,000 in a particular area that is not Silicon Valley you can
   place the average income slightly under that. I've been offered
   \$250,000 for executive consulting work so I know I can command the
   top engineering salary as well with the right company that values
   both solid tech skills as well as architecture and team mentoring
   (which I made a fucking business out of, lol).

