Validated first tests of multicall zet for log. I find myself conflicted
about the method of linking between different Zettelkasten repos.
External links have always been the bane of any knowledge management
tool and exchange. They are the weakness that causes failures from stuff
going out of date as well as dependency on not just the Internet, but
also on a specific domain's existence.

In a very real sense, external links between Zettelkasten face all the
legitimate criticisms of symbolic links in the UNIX/Linux world. All
that has to happen is for something to move and everything breaks. In
fact, the very idea of hyperlinking is fundamentally flawed since it
assumes some level of quality control regularly to ensure the links
remain. Linking out is just a bad fucking idea all around.

I think the answer is linking to the top level of the external KEG site
or Zettelkasten repo, or better yet, to something that returns keyword
searches of everything in that register or repo. That way when things
change the search results remain consistent.

Previously, I was of the opinion that to have a KEG node on the exchange
you had to have a domain that you owned. I still feel like that is the
most sustainable. Domains aren't going anywhere. If someone doesn't have
Internet access but has cached several KEG sites then browsing them
could be done reliably by simply replacing the lookup for that domain
from other external KEG sites that have also been cached. This allows
spider crawling locally and an offline-first approach.

Still, the fastest thing is to just use <https://github.com/rwxrob/log>
and people can search for the rest. Or, they can use the very effective
`search` path. <https://github.com/rwxrob/log/search?q=zettelkasten>.
Such a thing marries the entire approach to GitHub, which might not be a
horrible thing. It's definitely better than depending on a Google
search.
