## Thursday, August 6, 2020, 8:14:33PM EDT [1596759273]

After not more than three years in our current rental our landlord ---
who assured us that things would be fine when we moved in --- is kicking
us out to "liquidate" this "asset". Fucking asshole.

We moved here from SkilStak before and had held in-person sessions until
January when I went to fully remote. Thank God I did. Had I not I would
not be looking at full unemployment and the loss of most of the
remaining business I have maintained within about a month when we have
to leave to a location that will *not* be easily accessible to anyone
currently attending remotely.

In other words, as usual, the Universe has our backs. I've been do
nothing but what I *know* is the best use of my time and energy for this
shitty world and somehow I have avoided major catastrophes. In this
particular case, it is as if I was gently nudged in the right direction
and always prepared for what was about to come around the corner. I even
started streaming and working on the remote session workstation stuff
before any of the Covid stuff hit. I've even been focusing intensely on
getting my cardio health back in line over the last three months so I am
in great shape to pull of yet another move.

I have no doubt whatever is coming next is going to be *better* than
what we have now. Karma is real.

## Thursday, August 6, 2020, 8:08:42PM EDT [1596758922]

Doing the *Empire* levels of PicoCTF 2019 and realizing just how much I
need to add SQL training to all my would-be pentesters. SQL is essential
for most development still these days (despite my love of JAMstack and
YAML for all things small and flat).

Once again I have motivation to finish everything in the critical path
leading up to being able to make *wicked cool* and fast to write
challenges and books on the RWX Knowledge Net:

1. PEGN (`pegn`)
1. PEGN Language Server Protocol Implementation
1. `vim-pegn`
1. Ezmark
1. K|N
1. RWX.GG

