## Tuesday, March 3, 2020, 8:55:32PM EST [1583286932]

For the first time I actually miss Arch Linux. It definitely has more
up-to-date packages and shit I want to use (`weechat`) is waaaay behind
on the standard Mint distro, which is to be expected but still annoying.

This means I have to make a decision, leave Mint and go down the Arch
rabbit hole just for my own stuff while maintaining a healthy
relationship with Mint so that I can help beginners get started on it,
or keep Mint and suffer through extremely old stuff. 

There is no doubt that the core Debian team is on top of things, but the
Arch team is where all the edge energy is from the Linux development
community. That's a given.

I'm torn because I want to join that community (again) and to be there
you really just have to have the distro they have decided to use, which
seems to be Arch at the moment.

I'm inclined to put Arch on my main system, but doing that would mean
that anyone on the stream who is just beginning would maybe be misled to
go with Arch before they are ready for it. 

I had considered just using a VM or streaming a Kali system next to me
(which I'll have to do anyway for OSCP prep). It is Debian after all.
But that has all the stuff I need on it already and I would not be
showing how to do installs much. I can give this some time and see how
much Kali I'll actually be using all the time. I could make Arch my main
distro but usually have it set to Kali for most work for the OSCP prep
stuff and even treat Kali like more than just Kali. 

I wonder how well a Kali Linux system would stream. If it streamed well
I could set that as the main system since almost *all* my work will be
using tools that are on it and showing what those tools are. It makes
sense to consider how easy it would be to setup a stream from it. It's
likely that the problem without outdated packages and not being on the
edge of Linux development will also affect Kali, possibly more in fact.

I have some time to think this through. I could use this capture card
and use a projector to have more than one CPU associate with a single
screen essentially and could switch back and forth between them just
with OBS.

## Tuesday, March 3, 2020, 6:14:41PM EST [1583277281]

WeeChat has definitely sent me down a great rabbit hole. In fact, I no
longer find even the slightest interest to participate in any chat that
is *not* IRC. I completely understand why the "1337" hackers only use
IRC, it is so ridiculously more productive than any graphic chat
application, that much is clear only after about a hour playing with
`weechat`. I so *so* glad Twitch has built everything on it. I could not
be more pleased with their decision.

Time to go find some more Freenode channels.

## Tuesday, March 3, 2020, 5:23:29PM EST [1583274209]

I absolutely love that `weechat` is entirely written in C. I've decided
that is the first thing I'm going to learn in the IRC land. It support
Python and Perl plugins, and frankly to become a seriously good
Pentester everyone should learn Python, Perl, Ruby, and TCL as well as
Bash even if Bash can do everything all the others can. People need to
at least be able to read the others at least since so much that is
written in the Metasploit database is one of those languages as well as
plugins for different hacker-y things like `weechat`, which is really
the new BitchX.

## Tuesday, March 3, 2020, 5:09:56PM EST [1583273396]

Python is officially back in the house. Python most perfectly fits that
place of making significant software that is not yet worthy of a full
port to a statically compiled language. It is the best for data analysis
and it's dominance of systems automation with Fabric means that it will
retain its position as a systems glue language despite Go's supremacy.
It is a very small niche, to be sure, but enough justify learning it for
any G0CT.

The dilemma I have is to bring Perl back in addition to Python. It is
still a very powerful language, far *more* powerful than Python
specifically for pentesting. Things can be done so much more quickly in
Perl.

