## Tuesday, January 12, 2021, 4:24:13PM EST <1610486653>

I am just giddy learning that the Mirai botnet used cgo and go to hack
IOT. Seems like they get around cgo cross compilation problems with
Docker containers.

## Tuesday, January 12, 2021, 2:00:58PM EST <1610478058>

Need to have a look at the [amazing Zig
language](https://ziglang.org/documentation/master/#Grammar) which is
specified entirely in PEG that is true to Bryan Ford's original from the
paper. I already really want to meet Andrew, who made it.

## Tuesday, January 12, 2021, 12:44:47PM EST <1610473487>

After a quick review of the "modal text editor" Kakoune I'm left
wondering why anyone would use it while Vim and (ðŸ¤® NeoVim) exist. They
don't make a strong enough case to throw away decades of iterative
improvement on the world's standard text editor. Just no, *hell* no.

## Tuesday, January 12, 2021, 3:50:24AM EST <1610441424>

Super pleased with the results of `gstreamd` which makes dual-streaming
to YouTube and Twitch simultaneously with 3-second lag a breeze. Can't
believe I didn't try this until now. It solves so many problems for
community live streamers who require *ultra* low latency.

In fact, I think I will coin a new moniker for this type of thing. From
now on this type of streaming *shall* be known as *community live
streaming*, which is live streaming that depends on a vibrant exchange
with the community in chat versus the brain-dead emoji spams of other
streaming approaches. 

It is rather idiotic that wanting to actually *read* the chat and
interactive with those on the stream is somehow a novel, innovative
approach. You would think that would have been the default from the
start. A lot of streamers are assholes who just want to be seen and paid
instead of actually responding the needs of a community that makes them
a streamer in the first place. It's not *just* about me, it's about
them. I can never forget that, and not just in the gushing "you're
awesome" way that most idiotic streamers do, but with authentic concern
for those creating valuable dialog, not some shitty distraction.

## Tuesday, January 12, 2021, 3:22:07AM EST <1610439727>

Imma make a prediction. As the number of people doing  live coding and
streaming increases there will be less tolerance for things like
stream keys, tokens, and passwords that are not obfuscated and hidden
even within a secure web session because *everyone* will be streaming
and the risks are just too high. I won't even look at a service that
doesn't understand this.

