## Thursday, November 5, 2020, 2:06:27AM EST <1604559987>

I have been completely consumed with the election and what is happening
in social media. I've been pretty damn tame during all of it seeking to
better understand and trying to calm the situation. When there is
someone who is just completely abhorrent I've been emulating the master
of mirroring, Sacha Baron Cohen, who practices a form of trolling for
social good that is absolutely brilliant (even if he takes it to
extremes I would be uncomfortable with). Rather than telling lies and
making up stories about people, or getting people really upset for no
reason (4-chan style trolling), he just gets people to double-down on
what they *actually* believe. He reflects and amplifies what is already
in them for everyone else to see. This trolling is actually a form of
*true* professional clowning he partially learned from the [Ã‰cole
Philippe
Gaulier](https://www.theguardian.com/stage/2016/aug/02/philippe-gaulier-clown-school-emma-thompson-sacha-baron-cohen-edinburgh-festival-interview)
that very completely depends on a premise of falsehood to elicit *real*
truth and authenticity in the target.

I make no apologies for coveting this skill. It is the most masterful
way to destroy the influence of another by simply allowing their truth
to be known for all to see. It is the subtle art of drawing out
someone's authentic nature, their *true* self that they wish to hide.
Masters of this art first have to themselves be willing to have their
entire authentic self laid bare to the world so that they can take on
roles to bring authenticity out in others.

Cohen's art is far more than cheap pranks, though admittedly he has gone
for cheap laughs on occasion, but he has also uncovered probable
pedophile rings while pretending to want to buy a yacht, content that
was so "dark" (his word) that he submitted it to the FBI rather than put
it in his movie.

There are a lot of ways I can contribute to the world. Coding new things
for open source, motivating and mentoring hungry autodidacts in the ways
of technology, engaging in respectful social dialog, and --- when
required --- trolling the dregs of society into revealing their true
nature.

I thought about revisiting propaganda battle tactics recently after
discovering one of the most amazingly executed Russian propaganda
campaigns I've ever seen. The Russians are absolute masters. I felt the
call to launch my own as well, but the problem with battling evil with
propaganda is that instead of focusing on drawing out ultra-authenticity
you spend your time lying to get them to change their minds without all
the facts, or with half truths to promote a particular agenda. As the
Mormon leader [Boyd K.
Packer](https://lifeafter.org/truth-some-of-it-is-not-useful-mormon-quotes/)
used to say, "The truth is not always useful" (which apparently Kant
also said). Manipulating *someone else's truth* through deception ---
the essence and goal of propaganda --- is just too fucking
evil and bad for society. It seeks to seed falsehoods and get people to
adopt *your* truths that you decide *for* them. The art of it is in
disguising the idea so masterfully that they have no idea they are being
manipulated, to "build relationships of trust" as the Mormon
missionaries are taught, and then at the proper moment invite them to
act on *their* newly discovered knowledge. None of it works unless you
get the target to *think* they are arriving at their own truth, not
unlike the plot of Inception. But all of that is the worst kind of
lying, the opposite of encouraging critical thinking. Even if you are
successful you have created a "receptacle" (as Friere calls it) for
others to control and manipulate as well. Society gains nothing.

No, I cannot participate in that kind of battle. It is the polar
opposite of employing the "pedagogy of the oppressed" to help them
realize for themselves what is going on around them, to unplug as many
people from the Matrix as possible, to remove the "shackles from their
eyes" so to speak. I'll strive to help others realize facts for
themselves, to test everything, to think critically. When necessary I
will draw out their truth and publishing it in their own words, for good
or ill, *with no creative editing*. That is closer to *true*
investigative journalism, that is what I call *trolling for good* and it
is all I am interested in.

