## Wednesday, October 7, 2020, 5:12:04PM EDT <1602105124>

Just got my formal invitation to be on the IT Program Advisory Committee
for a local community college. I do so love helping them out, even if it
takes away from other important stuff I need to get done.

I also feel compelled to re-formalize the [SkilStak]{.spy} curriculum
more and more now that the Linux Foundation is so on top of providing
*valuable* learning for free (with the option of purchasing a
certificate.) The Foundation is clearly motivated by the need to promote
more open source contributions and those hiring from among those
completing the courses are very likely going to exhibit to strong
emphasis on Open Source principles. This has the distinct advantage of
filtering out the shitty corporations driven by the usual Silicon Valley
drivers.

With the addition of the Linux Foundation IT Associate in November I
feel compelled to do everything I can to support that initiative
including completing all of the certifications myself so that I may help
others to obtain them. It will also be a good review given the amount of
time writing code lately.

In fact, I really want to build out a track here at [SkilStak]{.spy}
that is the default. I will always remain focused on the needs of the
individual, but having a certification from the industry to back up the
learning never hurts.

The beginner content largely remains the same:

 Category     Course                                        
------------ -----------------------------------------------
 Personal      Becoming a Prescient Tech Professional (PTP)
 Workspace     Linux Terminal Mastery
 Back-end      Programming in Go as a First Language
 Front-end     Web Development Fundamentals

The *Linux Terminal Mastery* of mine will later grow into Linux
Foundation IT Associate but take it a step further by getting into how
to use Vim the best combined with the worlds-fastest-searching
capability from Lynx and a full examination of Bash scripting.

Obviously, there is a lot more to learn after that. But that groups the
major learning categories in a way that can spread the load. I feel like
there needs to be a cycle through them all, like you would get at a
university with 100 level, then 200, then 300. The good thing about
doing that is I can incrementally add complexity without going to deep
into any one thing to early.

One thing I was struggling to get formulated was what has emerged as the
distinction between *personal*, *front-end*, *back-end* and *workspace*. These
categories have really helped identify the groupings for all the minutia
that doesn't fall neatly under one of the other umbrella categories. I
feel another chart coming on. God knows it has been far too long since
my last round of charts. They are all still out there somewhere.

My wife and I were also talking about the t-shirts. I have hundreds of
them. I've decided to wait until I have the new
[skilstak.io](https://skilstak.io) app up to do anything with them. I'm
still trying to figure out the relationship between [SkilStak]{.spy} and
[RWX.gg]{.spy}. I'm inclined to make the first one the personal learning
management app and the latter the progressive knowledge app containing
all the consumable content. That sounds like the right path.

## Wednesday, October 7, 2020, 4:43:33PM EDT <1602103413>

The book that *needs* to be written is *Learning to Program with
Go as Your First Language*. The books that exist now are frankly
*really* bad. Go gives enough insight into what is happening underneath
at the Assembly layer. It is strict enough to get an understanding of
types and just loose enough to be *really* productive in it. In fact,
the way things are going with web assembly it is likely that JavaScript
will eventually be a complimentary language to Go.

Some of the hurdles to learning Go as a first language are the
assumptions about using Git and a Git hosting service, but that isn't a
problem for me and those I mentor since basic Git and GitLab are the
first things we cover.

First things first. I have to get PEGN totally completed as well as the
KnowledgeNet framework *then* I'll have all the tools I need to really
launch some learning materials that can be published in book form as
well (with accompanying videos).

## Wednesday, October 7, 2020, 10:26:20AM EDT <1602080780>

Also looks like the [Intro to
Linux](https://www.zdnet.com/article/linux-foundations-free-online-intro-to-linux-class-opens-its-doors/)
free course, also from the Linux Foundation, is doing rather well.

## Wednesday, October 7, 2020, 10:20:57AM EDT <1602080457>

The level of dumb-ass, cluelessness in this Gatsby review just confirms
all my feelings about it. Still, it is so satisfying seeing people
discover that it actually [really
sucks](https://cra.mr/an-honest-review-of-gatsby/). But they don't even
begin to comprehend why going with such a solution is disastrously bad
for the sustainability of their core knowledge bases.

Seriously, anyone who uses MDX is a fucking moron.

## Wednesday, October 7, 2020, 10:15:45AM EDT <1602080145>

The Linux Foundation has a new "IT Associate" absolute beginner
[certification](https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/upcoming-entry-level-it-certification-from-the-linux-foundation-to-provide-an-onramp-to-an-it-career-301133168.html). Looks interesting, perhaps something to follow and help
others achieve. I'm dubious on certifications in general, but for things
like that having a cert can't hurt. General IT skills and System
Administration skills are always in that category of "how are you going
to prove it too me?" Whereas, software development skills can be easily
demonstrated through projects.

