## Wednesday, June 3, 2020, 7:54:48PM EDT [1591228488]

My God the clarity! The more things change the more they stay the same.
The recent personal revelations regarding rwx.gg have overwhelmingly
confirmed that my gut was *always* right --- we're talkin' from the
beginning in 2013.

Way back then I was motivated internally to help people learn the Linux
terminal command line. But not only to learn it, to *start* with it and
*master* it. I now fully realize why that was in a way that I can put
words around. Linux --- and specifically the command line --- is the
best tool a curious, obsessed, technical autodidact can ever have at
their disposal. It is like the ultimate sandbox in which to play,
experiment, learn and create. No wonder Raspberry Pi Linux devices are
*so* huge and have become standard educational tools in places where
education is *actually* understood. Hell, even England has Linux and
Raspis included standard in their curriculum. (Not our fucking
disastrous dumpster fire of a country 'Merica over here.)

The point is. I was drawn to the Linux terminal for all the reasons I
wanted to share it: to provide the same learning opportunities for
others. Now I've come full circle back to eliminating *everything* but
learning how to learn followed by learning the Linux command line and to
code in Bash. *All* the rest builds from there. No more futzing around
with JavaScript even though it is valuable. The terminal gives *way*
more opportunities for far more projects.

## Wednesday, June 3, 2020, 4:24:07PM EDT [1591215847]

June 1st mark the end of the first *Linux Beginner Boost* experiment. I
decided to cut it short because people are clearly falling behind and
cannot keep up with the flipped, 8-hour a day approach. I tend to always
be optimistic about people's ability to commit. 

I'm not particularly sad about it. In fact, after touching base with a
few confidentially it is consistent with what they are feeling is
needed.

One good comment was from someone who had adopted such an autodidactic
approach to that whole thing that he became obsessed about learning C
immediately. He got the book I had reviewed and started on it
immediately. He was feeling a bit of guilt for not tuning into the
3-hour long videos every day because *he was spending that time coding
instead*. 

When I heard that comment I was immediately sold on my *original* focus,
which was *primarily* on motivating and helping others master the skills
of an autodidact. All of the rest is just curating the best resources
for people to pick and work through on their own as well as creating my
own resources in the form of knowledge apps and videos.

The result is a hyper-topic focus during each segment that then is
created into a YouTube video. This allows the videos to be processed in
asynchronous time, as has always been an advantage of videos. But it
also allows those particularly interested in a given topic to join me
live and chime in, asking questions, or whatever. This continue to
promote the community aspect of live-streaming that strongly
distinguishes it from regular YouTube videos.

This has meant yet another reorganization of the
[RWX.GG](https://rwx.gg){.spy} site.

