## Thursday, January 7, 2021, 8:55:21PM EST <1610070921>

I'm officially dropping Twitch as a primary streaming platform. I have
almost deleted all the VODS and have disabled VODS and clips. The next
step will be only reading the chat from YouTube, period. If I could drop
Twitch chat as well I would. This is the best for everyone. People can
more reliably get a hold of me and my content. They already have a
YouTube so they don't have to add another account. 

## Thursday, January 7, 2021, 7:13:18PM EST <1610064798>

Realized that if I use good commit messages --- even on my personal log
entries --- that it provides a very nice history that can easily be
searched just from `git`. It has the added benefit of forcing me to
stick with one log entry per topic that can be summarized within the
length of a commit message (50 characters). In other words, the commit
message becomes the TL;DR for those following me and encourages people
to follow you on GitHub as opposed to RSS or something.

Humm, I wonder if there is a built-in RSS feed for GitHub commit
notifications.

## Thursday, January 7, 2021, 7:07:34PM EST <1610064454>

Learned the hard way that you cannot listen to music from studio
speakers if there is *any* bleed into the microphone because it will
demonetize and mute your video.

## Thursday, January 7, 2021, 5:28:36PM EST <1610058516>

Had a momentary lapse of insanity allowing myself to actually believe
that I could bring some reform to the educational system by working for
a local community college. I do this all the time. I get all idealist
about change that could be instigated there only to realize the reality
of mediocrity in the broken system and leave because I can't stand it.

It's one of those things that *seems* good until you realize what a
fucking strangle-hold crony capitalism has on the whole system through
"accreditation" where bloated, fat capitalist bureaucracies have to
"approve the quality of instruction" resulting in shitty curriculum that
cannot keep up with the demands of industry and the economy. 

I would have to *pay* to get a bullshit degree just to get a bullshit
job paying 1/3 the money of an IT career for a bullshit community
college where I would likely be fighting the bureaucrats and mediocre
instructors waiting around for their state pensions rather than
innovating to bring in reform. 

I need to work for a company that appreciates being challenged, not one
that punishes those who think outside the box and constantly challenge
the status quo. 

The whole thing needs to be destroyed and the way to destroy it is for
me to find a job with insurance making enough money to free myself from
the grip of a failed capitalist state enough to do nothing but write and
stream and create a pedagogy for the oppressed in the system. My best
shot at taking this whole thing out is making a better system, from the
written material to the technology involved, and then evangelizing the
shit out of it with all the blow horns I can find, streaming, books,
blogs, conference talks, etc.

If I can find partners who support this cause I just might have a chance
to *actually* do something about this failed system. Unfortunately, as
well meaning as many are in the community college system, partnering
with them at this point is just a drain on my resources and a complete
frustration. By playing their fucking idiotic game I'm actually
supporting the system I'm fighting against. Never again. I'm done
falling into this thought trap. I'll need a reminder again in a few
months. I always do.

## Thursday, January 7, 2021, 4:53:17PM EST <1610056397>

Just out on
[CodeCombat.com](https://duck.com/lite?kd=-1&kp=-1&q=CodeCombat.com) and
noticed it still has ancient JavaScript in it. They really didn't design
any of that system for the future. It is completely brittle and unable
to be changed. It's a stark reminder that educational systems that focus
on technology need to be thought of as short-lived things that *will*
expire and need quarterly updates with new material. That is what I did
with SkilBots (and probably need to bring out of the closet again).
That's what I need to create for the <https://skils.dev> domain.

## Thursday, January 7, 2021, 6:25:13AM EST <1610018713>

Just added a way to instantly post to the live chat a link that searches
my YouTube videos for a specific keyword or phrase:

```sh
vids lynx
```

I can also use it from Vim to include links.

```
https://www.youtube.com/c/rwxrob/search?query=lynx
```

I never get tired of how amazing the Linux command line can be at
solving problems so quickly. The UNIX philosophy really is the best
approach to computing for those who can muster the patience to learn it.

