## Saturday, February 20, 2021, 11:21:27PM EST <1613881287>

So turns out I pissed someone off in 2014 with [The Static Web
Returns](https://freewaytalk.softpress.com/thread/view/144235).

## Saturday, February 20, 2021, 11:02:32PM EST <1613880152>

Just learned from @scott91 that [Strict
Mark](http://doc.replicated.cc/%5EWiki/strictmark.sm) is a thing.
Extremely interesting take on simplifying Markdown (which lots of things
in common and many things they simply seem to have not considered).

## Saturday, February 20, 2021, 7:12:34PM EST <1613866354>

TIL: Don't forget `yaf` and `yif` when coding in Golang. The first yanks
the whole function you are in. The second yanks just the body of the
function.

## Saturday, February 20, 2021, 12:52:54PM EST <1613843574>

Learned today (from @eax) that Google owns the `dev` domain registry.

## Saturday, February 20, 2021, 12:21:30PM EST <1613841690>

Very sound advice to new streamers and YouTube about not using keywords
--- even in voice --- that will cause your content to hit with AI that
detects objectionable material. I was realizing that an old word (that
is used in many plain contexts) could be easily replaced with a better
one but I repeat that word lot, perhaps putting myself in the scope of
such an AIs detection.

Another new word I plan to use in you my vocabulary that replaces
another with rougher meaning is "pilfer" (hopefully that will work until
I find another). Another is eviscerate.

## Saturday, February 20, 2021, 12:12:51PM EST <1613841171>

*to gamestop (v)*: destroying something that is shitty in society or
tech by taking advantage of its flaws and shining a huge light on them
by maximizing everything I can suck out of them for free.

## Saturday, February 20, 2021, 12:05:55PM EST <1613840755>

Realized that not having `https` in the URLs when using `lynx` was not
defaulting to it and forcing a redirect that slowed search result
lookups just enough to be annoying to me.

## Saturday, February 20, 2021, 9:43:21AM EST <1613832201>

Realized that I have the beginnings of a system-independent, UNIX-like
portable environment contained within a single executable. I was noting
the value of having even simple actions like `date +%s` within `kn`
because it makes them available if I push `kn` to another system even if
it is Windows with no UNIX/Linux shell in sight. Combining a few other
things into it would result in a *single* executable that has all the
wicked fast tools I use to do *everything* making my workspace 100%
portable to any computer, period.

I must be made. I think I found something worth of the `mim` name.

## Saturday, February 20, 2021, 9:32:16AM EST <1613831536>

Here's why `kn tstamp` matters:

```json
{
  "tstamp": "2021-02-20T09:38:03-05:00"
}
```
