## Thursday, September 17, 2020, 8:04:42PM EDT <1600387482>

People think that I've lost my mind throwing away Twitch Affiliate but
the money really doesn't justify denying others from seeing my content
on all services --- especially since YouTube automatically saves all
sessions without my having to do anything and provides full transcoding
to everyone.

## Thursday, September 17, 2020, 7:41:22PM EDT <1600386082>

Went for Premium on LinkedIn for a while. Best way to heat the network
back up. Something about running *everything* about your own company for
eight years both helps and hinders *personal* professional networking.
It was great finding *other* people work and internships. Now I just
have to follow all my own advice.

I gotta admit all the "fuck this" and "asshole that" has be concerned
because someone might get the wrong impression about my ability to work
in a professional environment. God knows I have strong opinions. But at
the end of the day there is always someone willing to look the other way
if it means putting my skills to work to make them successful.

## Thursday, September 17, 2020, 5:32:53PM EDT <1600378373>

Never ceases to amaze me how much *everyone* I work with who I have
shown the fun terminal stuff (`AsciiAquarium`, `ninvaders`, `tmatrix`,
etc.) wants to make it immediately and have fun with it. Terminal
programming *can* be fun --- especially since it is so novel/retro by
today's standards.

## Thursday, September 17, 2020, 4:58:22PM EDT <1600376302>

I was today years old when I learned that you can use `Alt` on most
Linux systems and press the regular `vi` navigation keys to avoid having
to type `Esc` at all (or even `Control-[`). I'm still getting used to
it, but it is phenomenally easier than the double-pinky `Control-[` that
I have been using all these years. 

I especially love that it also moves you in a given direction so
cognitively it is easier since you just have to remember to hold `Alt`
down when you navigate. It is also *so* much better than mapping `jk` or
`kj` to `Esc`.

Obviously this will not be enough when using actual `vi` when needed but
it *really* is a God-sent when doing a lot of writing and coding.

Now if I could *really* learn to touch type *every* symbol key on my
keyboard. You'd think I would have learned that by now, but it has
always been a factor of the keyboard I'm using. Laptop keyboards are
particularly difficult to get right.

