## Saturday, November 14, 2020, 9:32:25PM EST <1605407545>

Watching the series about [Scientology on Netflix](https://duck.com/lite?kd=-1&kp=-1&q=Scientology on Netflix) serves as a
horrifying reminder just how bad I *could* have had it had I been raised
as a Scientologist and not a Mormon. Mormon abuses were very real, but
*mostly* psychological. My wife equally made it out of Catholicism with
far fewer scars than the many young boys who have been abused. The
difference between Scientology and Mormonism or Catholicism is that ---
while there is a culture of looking the other way when bad shit happens --- 
there are dozens of very detailed, very specific eye-witness reports
that the cult leader is himself violently abusing members.

I find the whole cult-think mentality a source of infinite curiosity
because I fucking lived through it, barely. I can never seem to
understand how we humans fall for it, but we do over and over. In fact,
Trumpism is a form of it.

## Saturday, November 14, 2020, 3:45:01PM EST <1605386701>

\$100,000 starting salary as a "Junior" developer, that's what one of my
former members just shared that they are making after I checked in on
them to see how they are doing in their life after [SkilStak]{.spy}. I
have to say that *really* impressed me. We are talking about a person
who had never heard the words *Linux* or *Go* or *Bash* of *Vue* before
meeting them and only dabbled in a little HTML.

This means a lot to me --- to say the least. It not only confirms what I
have been helping them learn has *immense* value in the industry ---
that I'm *not* behind but, in fact, ahead of the curve --- but also that
*reducing* the number of people in my community has been one of the best
things I've ever done. It allowed a more intimate level of focus and
attention on the challenges of the individual. They could not have
obtained that level of expertise had they been a member of a group of
even two learning at the same time. One-on-one mentoring is the *only*
true form of "teaching" that *really* works.

## Saturday, November 14, 2020, 2:19:51PM EST <1605381591>

It really breaks my heart to realize that --- as much as I love C and
embedded computing --- I'm just not going to be able to turn that into
the best possible career I could have at this point in my life. My
entire life has been dedicated to stuff on the back end, but not the
*deep* end. While I did write C code professionally for IBM and analyzed
stack traces and core dumps I just don't know if my interest in that
stuff is substantial enough to take me off my obsession for writing
backend and system software. Plus all the backend engineering I have and
will be doing will also directly apply to creating *Mim, a Worldwide
Knowledge Network*. I have to stay laser focused on that.

However, this moment of reflection has also convinced me *again* of the
absolute critical nature of learning JavaScript well for anyone coming
into any of these tech careers. I had toyed with having people learn Go
as a first language, but no, just no. JavaScript is in *everything* even
if learning it means later you need to get a better understanding of
strict typing with Go.

In fact, it is more important to learn Python and Ruby than C for the
targeted backend engineering positions, even Erlang and Rust before C.

## Saturday, November 14, 2020, 1:02:19PM EST <1605376939>

As I prepare to work for someone else (not myself) I have had to isolate
the best possible contribution I can make to any organization as well as
the type of organization. It's a tough process for anyone, even someone
who helps others do it for themselves all the time.

The title I want to focus on --- after a *lot* of deliberation with
myself --- is *Senior Backend Software Engineer*, which is pretty much
what I was doing as *CGI Guy* and most of the work I did as Nike's
Intranet web master creating new applications for them to do cool
things. When I was at IBM on the Tivoli team I was constantly automating
things by creating backend services and utilities. In fact, I've been
more of a programmer than *System Administrator* the whole time. That's why
they pulled me into the Global Services Virtual Administrator project, I
was only one of three people (out of 15) who had *any* programming
skill.

In other words, I've always been attracted to the systems side of
things, the "back" end. But I've always been primarily drawn to making
things connect and communicate. That's where my love of grammars comes
as well.

So here's what I need to fully and completely master in a way that is
provable to anyone who might consider hiring me. A lot of these I
already know completely, and some still need to improve. (Looks like I
need my SkilStak app again.)

ðŸ˜Ž Primary Skills:

* Linux
  * Bash Command Line
  * Ubuntu
  * RedHat
* Web Foundations
  * HTML
  * CSS
  * JavaScript DOM
* Go Programming
  * `net/http`
  * Concurrency
  * Messaging
  * Encryption
  * Performance
* Testing
  * `curl`
  * `netcat`
* Structure Data Formats
  * YAML
  * JSON
  * XML
* Database Engines
  * PostgreSQL
  * Redis
* Protocols and APIs
  * TCP/IP
  * UDP
  * HTTP
  * GraphQL
  * REST
  * Oauth2
  * gRPC
  * Websockets
  * OpenPGP
  * OpenSSL/TLS
* Containers
  * Docker
  * Containerd

ðŸ™‚ Secondary Skills:

* NodeJS / Deno
* TypeScript
* Ruby
* Python
* MongoDB

ðŸ¤” Tertiary Skills:

* Rust
* Erlang
* Kubernetes
* Cloud Services
  * Amazon Web Services (AWS)
    * EC2
    * S3
    * RDS
  * Google Cloud Platform (GCP)
* CI/CD Tools
  * Jenkins
  * Ansible
  * Terraform
  * Packer

ðŸ¤¬ Stuff I *Cannot* Stomach No Matter What:

* MS SQL
* C#/.NET
* PowerShell
* PHP
* Java

:::co-rant
In fact, I dislike that stuff so much I would go out of my way to avoid
working for any company that fundamentally relied on any of that in its
tech stack that it has not labelled "legacy" and was trying to move off
of. I'm just owning it. Life is too short to fuck around with seriously
bad tech (unless it is to get off of it).
:::

It's been tough coming to this realization. I spent close to a month
messing around with cybersecurity only to realize that the only *real*
thing I want to do there is automate the hacks. All the other "testing"
is just a matter of knowing what scripts and software to run that
*someone else* programmed. I was plagued with annoyance at how shitty
most of it is and was unable to be fast --- the primary requirement for
a *Pentester* --- because I was so distracted by how much better the
tool could be. No, that job is *not* for me. If anything I think I would
have liked engineering the software, finding zero days, and doing
forensics. That is all stuff I may well do still one day. But it
requires additional skills to those I already have. That's fine, but one
thing at a time.

