## Wednesday, November 25, 2020, 1:00:46PM EST <1606327246>

Worth noting that learning Vim registers really isn't worth it, to me.
After spending a few minutes researching it just writing to temporary
files is far more universally effective --- especially since this can be
used from two different Vim sessions running in different TMUX panes
while Vim registers do not. I thought for a bit that maybe `viminfo`
contained the registers and Vim polled the file for changes bringing
them into the other running Vim session automatically, but no. Maybe
discovering this will same someone some time later. Just stick with `:w
/tmp/blah` and `:r /tmp/blah` and you're good.


## Wednesday, November 25, 2020, 2:20:28AM EST <1606288828>

Mormonism is Scientology Lite, a Christian-ish form of it much like
Jehovah's Witnesses. All of them destroy families by getting them to
believe whole-heartedly that "families can be forever" --- with
seriously unattainable conditions, so you better not fuck it up for
everyone.

"You destroyed our family!" my oldest once told me whom I have no
connection with whatsoever now, by his choice, and that of his
disgusting grandfather who threatened "to destroy me" in private knowing
he could deny it and that no one would ever believe me --- especially
after my near breakdown that resulted in a mental hospital stay for a
week to recover after I lost everything. Ironically, a kind Mormon
hippy-boomer, who secretly didn't really believe any of the shit, 
took me in when I had no one else.

Why did my oldest son and others think *I* had destroyed the family? 

Because I did, but I had help.

Not only did I stop believing in the Mormon shit, but I quickly became
incapable of suppressing my rage by writing pages and pages in my
journal, which my ex later ripped up and bled all over in red ink before
returning it to me, at how much I had fucked up my family for raising
them in it. And how much rage I had for my Mormon ancestors who, in the
name of "sacrifice"  *fucked their families up* even letting innocent
children die horribly on their "trek to Zion" in the name of God.

So much of the Zionist pioneer heritage shit is nothing but a bunch
people giving their children cyanide in different forms. Those pioneers
*killed* their families forcing them to do things they were incapable of
disagreeing with. It's not heroic. 

Dropping your children into the sea who languished and died horribly, or
froze to death and had to be buried in graves chipped from the ice, are
not things to be romanticized. They are sick and demented. Stop fucking
singing about "the pioneer children" like they had any fucking choice in
the matter! You celebrate "the pioneer spirit" like people in the 50s
celebrated Columbus Day, the brutal raping and killing of an entire
friendly indigenous race.  Call it what it was, forced labor and
institutionalized prolicide! The only thing *worse* than that would be
doing it all just to possibly find some gold some where. That's right,
I'm looking at your California.

The love of my children, that's why I went to the psychiatrist, to see
what to do for those whom I had *already* seriously psychologically
harmed. I literally drove me insane to realize the damage I had done
them. This is why I relate *so much* with [Mike Rinder](https://duck.com/lite?kd=-1&kp=-1&q=Mike Rinder) from the
Scientology documentary. 

I went to the "doctor" in private. The Psych (to borrow a Scientology
term) tried to help, but not really. He told me that I should *never*
reveal to my wife that I had cheated. He disavowed any association with
me while I was in the hospital. I gotta say, I do agree with much of the
sentiment in Scientology attacking the "Psychs" because it has *always*
ended poorly for me.

Mormonism is bat-shit crazy once you *understand* what it is.

One son, who is now a happily married gay Canadian (something I am now
blamed for by my ex-wife) once, to our embarrassment then, randomly told
a stranger on the swing-set in the park, "Hey, did you I'm gonna be a
God after I die." That is not an exaggeration. He was taught that as
young as six years old, and he believed it. Who wouldn't?

A lot of this shit is "sacred" and just my sharing it will permanently
ostracize me from Mormons, including my own family if they are
believing. And of course, it means I am going straight to Mormon Hell.
You see, one can't just run around at family gatherings blurting out
what happens in the Temple. They would *literally* kick me out on my ass
rather than put up with that level of "insensitivity."

So here's some more blasphemy, since we are celebrating.

Mormons take on new temple names. Mine was Moroni and my ex-wife's is
Leah. I'm supposed to kill myself now for telling you that, by the way.
I've permanently thrown away any hope of getting into heaven just by
sharing those facts. That is how *capricious* and sick the Mormon God
is.

How about crazy, closet homosexual temple workers touching naked people
as they "wash and anoint" them?

Or being nearly drowned for about 20 minutes being baptised "by proxy"
as fast as possible "for the dead" --- including for Jewish holocaust
members until the Jewish community came at them outraged at their
insensitivity. I felt so good knowing these people, just sitting around
in limbo, could *now finally* get into Heaven, 'cuz our "loving Heavenly
Father" ain't got the power to allow people into Heaven unless some
bored teenager gets all uncomfortably dunked on some random Saturday.
"We all get to be saviors, in a way" was the idea. 

Or the "bishop" who led those trips being busted in a sting operation
for soliciting sex with a teenage boy while on a business trip there.
The same "advocate" in my excommunication "trial" who was doing that
shit while actually "defending" me. I might have left the church and
hurt my family, but at least I wasn't a fucking hypocrite, coward,
pedophilic predator who *still fucking attends that ward for some
reason.*

Fuck that shit.

Yep, I did act out several ways that "life may be taken" --- including
slashing my throat, taking poison, and cutting out my guts --- when I
made the "sacred" temple oath never to reveal all this shit (and more)
and to prefer death before disobeying my leaders or "speaking evil of
the Lord's anointed" (who are all men, by the way, and were *only* white
men until 1976 when God suddenly changed his mind to let blacks into the
Celestial kingdom, they could not before). 

I promised to "consecrate everything the Lord had blessed me with, or
would yet bless me with to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day
Saints" --- not just 10%, *everything*. 

I testified to the world that Joseph Smith, who was "called by God" to
"take to wife" (which is Mormon prophet speak for "free fuck") the tight
young "handmaiden" working in their home, while his wife was living
there and not telling her because "God had commanded it be so"
(something that made Emma go fucking insane later). And that's just the
first time. Yes, long after statutory rapist Joe stuck his face in a hat
to "receive revelation" and later erased Min's penis from funerary
scrolls he thought came from Abraham, this "prophet" would fuck and
steal hundreds of wives, some belonging to other men, because God
commanded it.

So, here's my prayer ...

`/me raises his arms up high as if before the temple alter`

Pe le el.  
Pe le el.  
Pe le el.  

Or the new and improved version God decided to change sometime in the
80s because the other shit freaked people out too much apparently:

Oh God here the words of my mouth.  
Oh God here the words of my mouth.  
Oh God here the words of my mouth.  

Dear Heavenly Father, you perverted, bearded, white, angry, polygamist
in the sky. What ever happened to Heavenly Mother? Is she hanging out
with David Miscavage's wife? Oh great Elohim, father of Jehovah receive
my request I beseech thee. Oh God Almighty, you piece of
fictional shit made up to excuse the worst atrocities humanity has ever
known, please hear my plea ...

Go fuck yourself.

*Nobody* needs you, God, at least not *you*, you piece of shit. Who gave
you that title anyway? We got this, the Universe has our backs.

And no, Satan didn't fucking tell me to say that. Get over yourself, oh
Heavenly narcissist in chief. Oh commander of "servants" to form
political action committees to send my tithing dollars as dark money
funded against Prop 8 and others while claiming the church is
"a-political" and ordering other "servants" to hack women and children
to death in Mountain Meadows. 

What? Yeah, you don't like me bringing that one up. I know. You always
claim that you didn't order that? That they acted on their own? That
they got confused and unsure who was giving the orders and what "the
Spirit" was telling them? 

How the fuck do you think they got that messed up in the first place?

No, oh Heavenly creepy ice-cream man, who actually brags about spreading
"your seed" all over the universe, we humans can just pull together as a
*real* human family, one that doesn't play favorites, that doesn't boot
people for not believing in you, one that finds a way to exist together
in a society that balances justice and mercy. Maybe we'll make it. Maybe
we won't. But we don't need you telling us who to hate, shun,
fuck, convert, or kill. Stay away from us, you perverted cuck. We got this.

By the way, I'm really sorry Witnesses, but you got the whole Jehovah
thing all wrong and Mormons have a nice place in the "Terrestrial
Kingdom" for you where your punishment is perpetual boredom and "but I
just coulda" reflection, but don't worry, people from the "higher
kingdoms" can visit you when they feel like it and rub your noses in the
fact that you didn't make it to the "highest" level of Heaven. You'll
*never* be able to visit them because you simply cannot exist in the
presence of their "glory" which, in a demented way, still gives me joy
today because if anyone who loved me actually made it to "the Celestial
Kingdom" while I'm hanging with the rapists and murders for divulging my
temple secrets in the lowest "Telestial Kingdom" they could always come
see me. No worries though, only people who vote for Trump, the Lord's
imperfect vessel, are going to the Celestial. Why the *fuck* would I
ever want to be near that place? *That* is where hell is. God, I'd take
an eternity of *actual* fire and brimstone over listening to Trump
supporters any day.

But my *real* work is on myself. How can *I* improve from all of this?
My work is to *somehow* look *past* the Mormonism, past the
Scientology, the cult-think, and see these *people* for the *victims*
they are, to someone see the *person*, not the cult. It takes amazing
courage and internal fortitude, strength that I seriously lack still to
this day.

I don't know how. It's so hard when people literally believe what
they do, and *act* on it, destroying my life and so many others. How can
I forgive *anyone* who still believes that shit?

But I would be a big hypocrite if I can't find a way. Because I did it.
I was them. I politely looked down at others as "filled with the light
of Christ" *at best* and heathen non-Mormons at worst all the while
knowing they needed to accept Mormonism and the statutory rapist Joe
Smith or they would *never* reach the "highest degree of Heaven." My
God, I still can't even type those words, it pissed me off so much.

Good people *let* me progress. 

One of those people was a wonderful teacher working her hardest to make
a difference, who saw me for me, not my Mormonism. A woman I fell in
love with while still married and in love with my ex-wife at the time,
but in a totally different way, the woman I could not longer stay with,
who *begged* me not to "don't burst [their] bubbles" when I told her my
doubts and that I couldn't do it anymore.

I cheated, but I cheated with someone I truly loved and, to this day,
care for in a way few people will ever understand. Without her I could
*never* have married Doris and escaped the cult mind-fuck that is
Mormonism. Without her my sons would have no one to turn to with their
doubts about their Church, who, all but one, have decided to leave on
their own.

Things do seem to happen for a reason. Something less than complete
randomness seems to be a part of our existence, perhaps guiding it, who
knows. It's the not knowing that keeps us humane, and, I suppose,
willing to find a way to forgive even the worst of "sinners." I
certainly need to try, because others have done that for me.

And if I'm *completely* wrong and the Mormons are the "only correct
church on the face of the whole Earth" as South Park claims, well then I
will happily take my place in Mormon Hell. I do hope then that Jesus, my
imaginary friend that hurt like hell to lose, will let me ask him just
one question.

"What. The. Fuck?"

