## Monday, February 10, 2020, 6:44:31PM EST [1581378271]

Twitch's sending out of email notifications that I am live on stream
when I'm actually not is getting really annoying. At this point it is
looking like it is doing something to detect changes to the visual
stream itself. So when I pop on to write a quick blog post everyone gets
blasted with "Rob's Live" and that has to be annoying. I feel like I
need to apologize on Twitch's behalf every time that happens.

## Monday, February 10, 2020, 6:41:03PM EST [1581378063]

Behringer music equipment is absolute shit. I'll *never* buy another
product from that company. Allen & Health all the way. It's *always*
worth the few extra dollars to get a quality product.

## Monday, February 10, 2020, 3:59:57PM EST [1581368397]

A great new friend on stream suggested I look at [Eloquent
JavaScript](https://eloquentjavascript.net) which I had bumped into a
few times but not fully read. I'm also pretty sure I was looking at an
outdated version of it as well. The new version is amazing. It is (so
far) on par or better than Learning JavaScript (my current standard
recommendation). Imma ready both again compared to each other and make a
decision about which one should come first. Unfortunately, neither has
good example and exercises, but that is okay so long as readers approach
either as source from which to create their own codebooks and example
exercises that they can repeat. I keep running into this need for
exercises that are specific to the concepts. Perhaps that is an area
that I can focus on specifically and attach to these works to help those
out who are reading them.

The fact that eloquent JavaScript is entirely Creative Commons almost
makes me want to use it over the other one just because of that. I could
even fork it and supplement it with the stuff I feel is perhaps missing.
Now *there* is an idea, get behind an open work rather than making yet
another one. So long as a consistent voice can be maintained
collaborative authoring could work, even if we have to work around the
fact that the book is written in the first person (which I would
probably do myself).

## Monday, February 10, 2020, 2:26:06PM EST [1581362766]

What if everyone streamed? Would we bring about Datagedon? I think the
answer is no based on base on pace of storage technology improvements. I
had a PowerMac with 30MBs of storage in 1997. Today you can buy a 4TB
hard drive for under \$100. So even though we are all producing a lot
more date --- especially video data --- we are currently outpacing that
need by several orders of magnitude. In other words, it's okay to rely
on streaming video as a medium over the written word in terms of
sustainability.

## Monday, February 10, 2020, 1:55:32PM EST [1581360932]

There's only so much time in the day. Been thinking a lot about the
nature of live streaming, not just for coding, but more of the Just
Chatting sort of thing. Recently I was able to have some great
conversations that were only loosely associated with tech, super
rewarding stuff.

One on dilemma's I'm facing not that I stream all the time is the impact
it has had on my writing (blogging). I used to blog all of these random
thoughts to put structure around them, but now I'm find just talking
them through (mostly to myself but also the stream) is rather effective
as well as cathartic, not to mention the bonus of randomly meeting and
getting input from others all over the world.

Fatigue is an issue. I mean, I type pretty fast, but being able to
articulate an idea on video with voice is far more accurate at capturing
the idea. Words are far more risky when they are written. Intonation and
inflections are great things we employ in spoken language, but are lost
when written. Hence emojis, etc. I wonder if this is why we've become so
obsessed with video communication. It makes me ask where streaming fits
into it all.

I have a feeling I'll be making a lot more videos than blog posts now
that I've discovered this medium (pun intended) and sticking with blog
posts for things that require a lot of written material, for example,
coding exercises, snippets, URLs, etc.

These days it's somewhat safe to assume the videos I make will live even
beyond my lifetime. This raises lots of questions, but YouTube does not
delete and accounts are free it's possible that our video blogs (vlogs)
could best represent out thoughts and discoveries well into the future.

Writing is still required to pull up in search results. So there's that
to consider as well.

