## Tuesday, September 22, 2020, 7:48:28PM EDT <1600818508>

All anyone *really* wants to learn is how to create things, even if
their creations are just really great conversations, stories, and
relationships. The act of creation brings joy and since learning *is*
creating learning does also. Hence the "joy" of learning.

## Tuesday, September 22, 2020, 7:30:24PM EDT <1600817424>

Nothing convinces me more that the age of broadcast television is dead
than randomly watching 10 minutes of ESPN. Ask a random sampling of
people under 20 (who don't have sports fan parents) what ESPN is and see
if they know. They don't. Because ESPN is a pox on society (like most
other broadcast television channels) an absolute fucking waste of social
resources as are the exorbitant salaries paid to athletes while we slip
into social Idiocracy.

## Tuesday, September 22, 2020, 4:30:12PM EDT <1600806612>

Ah yes, shitty entitled parents. Had a run in with one today. It's the
unfortunate down-side of private mentoring --- especially those who
likely need it the most.

My favorite are the ones who don't seek any sort of contact with me
about their child until after more than five years have passed and
*then* decide suddenly to drop without paying on time and "demand an
explanation" when I suggest some outside help for their child who likely
has a learning disorder that has become acute and possibly explains
their sudden intellectual laziness and lack of self-motivation. Of
course, I immediately become both the target of their angst and
frustration as well as the *cause* of the problem. But I can't help but
at least take a chance maybe despite it all they will actually *do*
something about it.

How do I know? Because the stories these kids share with me says
everything I need to know about their situation --- because they trust
me to help them learn but also to console them through some of the
rockiest times of their youth. Too many of these parents are absolutely
clueless about the challenges and situations their kids are facing  ---
especially the ones with self-help book deals, their own TV shows, pod
cast, and those who are never home off giving conference addresses on
this or that.

I have noticed one thing. It is always these entitled dead-beats who
can't manage to pay their invoice on time even though they are swimming
in money. I know because I have dealt with hundreds of parents and
thankfully they are an isolated minority. The differences are staggering
and real.

By the way, lest anyone think I'm being a hypocrite here, let me just
say that I *know* I'm a fuck up as a parent as well, just a totally
different sort of fuck up. While my new mantra for the rest of the year
is "learn to give people the benefit of the doubt" I'm giving myself
this one selfish indulgence before I let it go.

The good news is that *in the email immediately before the cancellation*
I received a very heart-felt email from an engineer with a family who is
reaching out for options to supplement their current tech job with
coding skills. The Universe closes one door and opens another, but only
if I stay authentic.

