Been struggling since meeting with [The Children's Hope Alliance] about
the content of the workshops and ultimately a reproducible curriculum. I
initially started tweaking my original SkilStak content designed to
attract kids to technology so that *maybe* they would like it enough to
stay with it. But the more I do it, the more inauthentic I feel inside.
I've always hated tricking kids into learning technology. These days I
feel strongly that if someone is not inherently attracted to coding on
the command line and creating terminal-based applications and games that
they just aren't the right fit for me personally. 

The struggle is around creating curriculum that I *want* to teach ---
that I know will separate even these kids from *everyone* else in the
competitive workplace --- or do I cater to the populous of
"technologists" that include shitty web and game developers who
contribute almost nothing to the world. 

There. I said it. I just can't. My wife is right (as usual). I cannot
help people if I resent it the whole time. 

This means that the material I end up creating will be so anomalous that
most volunteers from tech and education will be like "WTF is this?" and
unable to help the kids learn it even though the skills learned --- even
as young as 10 years old, will launch these young people on the tech
trajectory that will secure them the most amazing opportunities from the
very beginning. I know. I have seen it with my own eyes, which is
probably why I have so much resentment for considering any other
approach.

So my mine is made up on this. I will create terminal masters, polyglot
programmers who code in Bash, Go, and Python, who encapsulate customized
Minecraft servers in Docker containers that they can run from any
computer with Docker installed and even be spun up with a single command
for their friends as well. We'll use nothing but the terminal for most
of our work as shell natives. Their friends won't know what to make of
their skills and might even send them to the principles office for
hacking just because they use a terminal for everything (true story).
And, of course, they'll be naturally great hackers when and if the need
arises. Hackers who aren't terminal masters are posers. No
posers. Not in my group. I don't care if it means only a tiny fraction
of volunteers have a clue about what is going on. I refuse to go
mainstream, even for the Children's Hope Alliance. These kids will
dominate in hacker competitions, be shoe-ins for NSA special Summer camp
invitations, and easy picks for NCSSM boarding school, the most
prestigious tech prep school in all of America (where three of my guys
have gone, even though they complained at first because Linux initially
was not an approved operating system for their laptops, which we got
them to change real quickly).

I feel better. The moral of the story is, don't compromise just because
your vision and goals seem weird to everyone else. There are a ton of
sheep who will teach mediocre tech skills. Imma help them learn to be
powerful autodidactic terminal masters.

[Children's Hope Alliance]: <https://www.childrenshopealliance.org/>
