## Monday, December 14, 2020, 6:34:15PM EST <1607988855>

My wife made dal with Basmati rice. As I took a bite the taste and smell
instantly transported to my favorite Indian food restaurant run by some
amazingly kind humans (Sikhs) in New York. The warmth and cozy feeling
standing, hunched over a thin table attached to the length of the wall
with Doris and Ben on different occasions are memories I will never
forget. 

Ben and I drew courage from that small bowl of dal before heading out
into the unknown to rush a flight home to catch a glimpse of what we
thought would be my youngest son dying after his head was nearly
crushed under the wheel of a construction worker's F150 while he was
hiding from his friends. 

My hands shake attempting to type these words at the memory. 

The description of the scene is not something I can repeat even in
written form right now. It was --- by far --- the most traumatic
event of my life. I learned about it from a panicked x-wife
on the way to the hospital (who *never* called me ever for anything
else) saying only "if you want to see your son alive get to Idaho now,
they can't stop the bleeding, his head was run over."

That is all I had to go on. I could only imagine the worst. I barely
made it into the apartment we were staying in over Christmas in New York
where I collapsed in spastic, guttural moans on the bed. When I finally
got it together I told Ben. He had a hard time as well, but did much
better than I did. We ran down the stairs having packed practically
nothing, abandoning my wife, step son, and dog the day before Christmas.
On our way to find an Uber we grabbed a quick bowl of dal to sustain us
on what would be an insane journey of frantic holiday flights the day
before Christmas eve to get to him in time.

Suffice it to say we made it. 

Entering the room I was strong. So was Ben. We stayed happy, jovial,
normal, for him. I have the picture of his head wrapped up, just one eye
pocking out, his finger connected to an red led detecting his pulse. His
delicate hand my only reminder he was still in there. Most of the skin
on his head had been completely ripped off, but they had reattached it.
As luck would have it, the best pediatric surgeon in the region was in
the hospital that night. The story would clearly have been different had
he not been there.

There are a lot more details I don't care to remember right now. These
things come up every Christmas. And this humble bowl of dal is the
biggest trigger of all. 

They are good feelings now. I witnessed a legitimate, objectively
undeniable miracle over that Christmas. Brought on, I believe, by the
collective prayers and good-will of thousands pulling for him. His story
made local and some national news. 

My son is not only alive and well now, he jokes about the scar that
curves and wraps around his slightly misshapen head now, a constant
reminder that if even one pound of pressure more had been applied, well.
The photo of what that huge truck with snow tires that left a tread on
his skull says everything about what *could* have been. 

I have to focus on the miracle of that Christmas and not on the horrific
"what if" scenario.

Christmas carries so many specific memories, both good and bad. It is as
if the Universe knew I was destined to be associated with this time of
year in some way. It makes me wonder what is to come on Christmases yet
to come.

The reminds me. I need to watch Alistair Sims' Scrooge.

