## Saturday, February 29, 2020, 7:11:03PM EST [1583021463]

The nature of learning is something so many don't learn.

## Saturday, February 29, 2020, 5:22:24PM EST [1583014944]

I'm so jazzed about all this direction now, not just because I want to
do it myself but I have never seen a cleaner path to a tech career that
also has immense value for the state of our world today. My new goal is
to get as many of my mentored community the certs outlined in the
previous post as fast as possible.

I've been ambivalent toward the entire question of getting certs in the
past because of their dubious value capturing the actual skill set you
have. But the Offensive Security certs are 100% hands-on. They are
*exactly* what we need to see more of in the world. Besides, the entire
pentesting occupation is fundamentally tied to certs for most
professional work if for no other reason than to prove your hacker
skills are not only legitimate but that you are not (to use their
imaginations) some black-hat in a hoody.

Cert city here we come. This also means that I *am* going to DefCon no
matter what it takes every single year and that the entire focus of both
my [rwxrob.live](https://rwxrob.live) stream and [SkilStak]{.spy} IRL
community is 100% on foundational tech skills and building pentesting
skills on top of those. 

This means there are categories of learning I'm focused on:

* Continuous Research (Be Prescience, Become Your Own Guru) (PTP)
* Modern Technology Foundations  (MTF)
* Offensive Security Professional Certification (LPIC0,KLCP,OSCP,etc.)

In fact, Imma formalize my PTP and MTF programs into a hands-one VPN lab
certification as well. I've been meaning to provide my own certification
and that meshes well with the rest. Now that the game development and
web applications development is chopped I can focus on formalizing those
certs from [SkilStak]{.spy}. The rest are all covered by other people.

I really like that sound of all that. The PTP will be the first cert I
have ever heard of that tests your certified skills in keeping up, doing
your own research, practicing self-evaluation and assessment, and
remaining prescient at all times.

I need to cut some fat from MTF as well. Presumably stuff that is
already covered by the certs.

## Saturday, February 29, 2020, 3:47:10PM EST [1583009230]

Just found out that *all* of the [Offensive Security
certifications](https://www.offensive-security.com/courses-and-certifications/)
*do not expire*. Nothing says quality and trustworthy than that ---
especially when compared to the shitty certs from Pearson that are
multiple-choice questions and have to be renewed *every three years*.
That is really fucked up. Then again, the LPI certificates are pretty
trust worth and they require renewal every five years.

Still, the certs are a solid path to employment that has been proven
over and over again in the industry, faster than degrees and cheaper by
far. Looks like I'm going to work toward (and suggest others get) the
following probably in this order:

Fastest possible:

------ ------------------ -------------------------------------- -----
$120   Linux Essentials    Basic Linux mastery                    0 $450
KLCP                Compliments Linux Essentials           0 $1000
OSCP                Mother of all RedTeam certs.           0 ------
------------------ -------------------------------------- -----

Blue team and system administration related path after OSCP:

------ ------------------ -------------------------------------- -----
$170    A+                 In a lab, not from a book.             3 $400
LPIC-1             BlueTeam support for Linux.            5 $400
LPIC-2             BlueTeam support for Linux.            5 ------
------------------ -------------------------------------- -----

Bug bounty and more red team and zero-day stuff:

------------------ -------------------------------------- ----- OSWE
Web attacks.                            0 OSCE               Permiter
attacks.                       0 OSWP               Wifu.
0 OSEE               Malware.                                0
------------------ -------------------------------------- -----

I would definitely want the rest of the OS stuff before more of the blue
team and sysadmin because I already have all that knowledge. Getting the
Linux Essentials and KLCP is just a formality at this point for me. I'm
practically sure I'll pass without any review but will go thorough
everything to make sure not missing something. Getting it fresh makes my
knowledge of taking the test more valuable to those I'm mentoring.

Having worked successfully in the industry for more than two decades it
seems rather silly, but *the process* and helping others through it is
paramount. I never like mentoring people in things I have not already
done. Since I'm moving more toward mentoring in security it makes sense
that I supplement it. When I was mentoring in software development and
systems administration that was a no-brainer because I did it everyday
for decades. But the current pentesting stuff has been nothing but a
hobby that I need to bolster if I'm going to help others get the most
sought after technology occupation in the world right now, Security
Analyst (per <https://bls.gov>).

## Saturday, February 29, 2020, 3:09:44PM EST [1583006984]

Over the last six years I have been constantly fighting the feeling that
I just want to teach Linux and cybersecurity and hardware stuff. Slowly
I've morphed from catering to what kids want to essentially trick them
into learning serious tech skills through enticements with Minecraft or
web pages or PhaserJS games or memes to go with Python. But honestly I
fucking tired of it. I would much rather work with people who *already*
get why this stuff is important and interesting and don't need any
enticement. If anything they simply need the encouragement and support
to take on the learning and [become their own
guru](https://skilstak.io/become-your-own-guru/).

Yep, I'm fucking apologizing for thinking that your prepubescent
obsession with doing nothing more than learning to make a game is okay
and worth my wasting my time. I'm happy to help you when you get stuck.
But I am *done* teaching that shit and keeping up on it and paying the
money to the asset store and every place else --- especially when *so*
many seriously entertaining alternatives that teach pentesting as a game
are available and yet to be made.

"Mr. Rob, I wanna make a game."

"Get the fuck out!"

ROFL. And no, I'm through listening to people tell me what a great way
that is to reach out to young intelligent minds. I was fucking hacking
my Bruce Lee games by randomly scanning and deleting sectors on huge
floppy disks and enjoyed that *far* more than even playing the thing. I
*know* there are other like-minded people out there and not that my
community spans much larger than the great state of North Carolina I
think such a focus is justified from every angle.

## Saturday, February 29, 2020, 10:12:36AM EST [1582989156]

Definitely need to tweak the schedule some more. I am getting better at
focusing on stuff that is needed but given the goals for the stream and
[skilstak]{.spy} I have got to make more changes:

* Saturday and Sunday mornings are completely and totally unscheduled.

* Sunday morning will be for some sort of long endurance, long paddle,
long run, adventure cycling.

* Saturday night will be listed as sporadic rather than a planned
interactive session. That will let me plan trips that span Saturday
night and into Sunday morning.

One thing I absolute love about the Twitch community on my stream is how
welcoming it has become. It has become the place to go if you want to
get started with Linux with the least amount of judgement and plain,
no-nonsense discussion of how to *really* use it and get a job in it. It
wasn't really the plan initially but it has sort of become that.

