## Friday, July 31, 2020, 8:34:55PM EDT [1596242095]

Had to install Skype as a backup because Discord is so horribly bad. The
Discord technical team is rather unprofessional on so many levels. Every
time I experience one of their broken live upgrades I wince. I've
working in far to formal and fault-intolerant environments before where
people die if shit doesn't work. Discord doesn't give a fuck, clearly.

## Friday, July 31, 2020, 6:39:19PM EDT [1596235159]

Having a spectacular week. I came across [Cliff
Young](https://youtu.be/R276S1KMgQ0). I guess he's the reminder that I
needed that humans are *incredible* beings and have enormous potential
that is practically imperceptible in today's day-to-day living. I've
been fighting the "humans are shits" feeling for a while and the
Universe brought Cliff into my path for a reason. I don't have to feel
bad that I'm doing the "marathon shuffle" when I hike/walk/run or even
that I might feel inclined someday to actually wear "gum boots" someday
on a run --- and you *know* I am gonna do it.

Today while on a particularly glorious section of wooded trail the
noon-day light broke through and illuminated the trail in such
spectacular fashion that I actually broke down and cried quite a lot.
The leaves where back-lit and illuminated, the smells of the forest
overwhelmingly fragrant. Critters all around me scurried and birds sang.
As I have frequently experience (and often forgotten) I became one with
my surroundings. I feels almost as if I'm *actually* one with everything
around me. I sometimes imagine the atoms of my body just releasing the
forces that bind them together and being absorbed.

These days I'm run/walking 13 miles a day --- every day. My life has
been filled with periods of time when I was connected with the outdoors
and when I was not. Every time I have lost that connection my life has
failed in some way. I feel outstanding exhilaration every day and a
desire to make every indoor hour count even more so that I can get back
outside. I fit into all my Patagonia gear again so looks like the Winter
won't hold me off. Four hours a day outside, every single day, that is
one very real secret to happiness.

